one Manhattan, have a ball 

wait a second, where is the cherry?

it's not Manhattan without the cherry.

yeah, my mistake

i'll let it slide this time

business always goes well when i'm sucking on one of these.

a lucky charm is a lucky charm

come to pap,i just hope there is still something valuable of taking

well, well, well, looking what we get here.
it's a five finger free for all.
wonder if there is anything valuable enough for a connoisseur like [------].
you never know what is going to happen.
for as you shoe in Canada for governor, next thing you and your wife get shot.
now, well, down to business.

i'm guessing this is where to keep the safe.

i'm getting a chill, this is as creepy as hell.
i have never feel anything like this.
could, could somebody be in there?

as if, what am i so scared about this, they like me to be a chicken 

don't move, put your hands behind your head.

oh, men, i can't believe this.

Damn bar attender, it's his fault to forget the cherry.

i said put your hands up.

all right, all right, give me a breaking on this one.
officer, i haven't take anything yet. i promise 

i'm not a cop

no, so you're robbing the place too.

well,in that case, why don't you put that thing away. 
we have ourselves a little chat ...

please behind your head, now.

Jesus, what's with this guy? it's a big boy that gets afraid of cops 
you get be kidding me. thanks for nothing, buddy.come in here.

don't follow me. someone like you just gets in the way
you slow me down, damn it all.

i told you to stop following me.
how Damn thing today, just in my day.

that's right, i thought i recognized you,
you're all over the papers.

you're the doctor wanted for questioning in connection with councilman Springer's murder 

and you? are you a thief?

that i'm, but i get something called morals, i don't go around killing people

you wouldn't know anything about the murder that happened in that house, would you?

no,i did. so get out of my face, would you?

hey, doctor, you're some sort of topnotch surgeon, aren't you?
my brilliant brain just come up with a fantastic idea.
do you think that people meet by chance that,dude.
they don't, believe me, i know.
i believe in fate, i think people meet for a reason.
and my gut tells you and I were destined to become partners.

call me crazy, but i think a lot of folks in the underground community needs someone like you 
you know, guys who need to hide out, so they can't go to regular doctor for help.

listen, you leave the management to all the Heckle here, i'll make you the world's best underground doctor in no time 
i'm telling you, doc, you're gonna make a lot of money, you will be a millionaire before you know it.

hey,hey,hey, doctor, where are you thinking of going?

there is something i have to do, i can't wait.

well ,i'd hold my horses if i were you.
you want to know about the murders in that house, don't you?

heiheihei,
more i guess you would like to hear that i saw the killer, am i right?

what did you say?
are you telling me the truth?

you want to know?

what did he look like? i need to know, was the killer blonde in about 20 years of age?

what [------] about?

never mind, you just tell me about who you saw there?

team up with me, and i'd be happy to, doctor

he's on the third floor.

so how did you come to know all of this anyway?

i spent months checking out the councilman's house, 
case enjoyed, i do my homework.
just when i'm ready to make a move, the killer beats me to it.
15 minutes later, i look in the window, and they were dead.

[-----], in well, i figured out i might be able to blackmail the murder, so i followed him here.

this is all you really need to prove your innocence, doctor, you know what i'm saying.
all you have to do is call the police, and tell them
after that, we should go somewhere.
sit down, releax, talk over a drink about our future together as partners

hey, stop, what are you doing? 
what do you want to talk him for?
what did you miss the part where he murders people?

man, what's he thinking?
looking for trouble like that?

i'm out here.

however, a cash counter like him is a rare opportunity

damn, i usually make it a rule not to stick my neck out,but...

hey, another hot afternoon, isn't it?

i,i'm actually looking for someone.

hey, doc, you live in there?

doctor, what are you doing? he has got a gun, dummy.

mother and i, we often used to go walking together.
on summer afternoon, there is a lot like this one.
there was a long road we took, and long side of the field of sunfolwers
but ,mother's dead now.

this is important, so i need you to listen, did someone ask you to use that gun?

tell me, was it a man?

was it a man? it was.
 
one day, this young man came up to me in the local bar

was he about 20 years old with a blonde hair

he was, and he had a big bright and beautiful smile, call himself Eric.

so he is going by Eric now。

we met few times, we eventually became very close friends, he invited me over to the place where he was staying.

it was an estate of councilman Springer

did he live in that mansion until recently?