yes, he did, for a year in fact.

he said they took good care of him, he was like a son to them.

wait a minute, i had my eye on that house for a month, never saw anyone who look like that.

they were a wonderful family. i have a picture, the councilman, his wife and me. 

however, there was something i couldn't forgive them for.
there was a beautiful area under their property, a bit sunflowers in their yard,
but oneday, the councilman cleared it all up in order to build a bigger driveway.
so when i mentioned it to my young friend that i thought it was aweful, i was delighted to discover he agreed.

wait, are you saying you actually killed them because of some flowers?

hardly, there was more to it.
he also told me, councilman Springer had a mistress.
that's when my friend looked at me and said, 
"i have decided i no longer wish to live with thought to be a member of Springer household"
"From now on, i'm not a part of that family any more"
then he proceed to request me that i erase the family.

having a mistress is so inexcusable, my mother was someone's mistress too, she was a kept woman, you know.

listen,listen, don't think about all that stuff.
btw,did all the safes in that house?

i believe on the second floor in the library.

right then.

doctor, you probably should stay around here.

you can erase your past, didn't you know that?
if you don't like it, you can erase everything. you can erase all of it.
you can reset your entire life if you want

sorry, i don't agree that at all, you may try to forget, but no one can simply erase their past like that.

yeah, i guess you're right.

i wonder why i thought that, doesn't make any sense to me right now.

why did i think i can erase the past by pulling the trigger.
looking back, i wonder why i listened to him, did what he asked me.

i think you should go now, our talk is over, i have nothing more to say.

oh, that's right, your name is doctor Tenma, isn't it? he left a message behind for you.
do make sure you take a good look at it. you find it in the councilman's library.

he predicted that you would come here, and he was correct about that. 

here we go, he mentioned to me, your fate has already been decided for you, so has mine.

doctor, i told you, didn't i? 
did you actually shot this guy?
oh, suicide, i get you.
what the hell...
 
what's the use in dying? everything is over when you're dead.
it makes no sense.
doctor, it's nothing like to living, am i right?

you know, i think i actually agree with you for a change.

hey, what exactly do you mean for "for a change"?
anyway,so you're after this killer, name [Youhan] whatever.
i don't get it, i really don't know why you do that.

hey, why don't you forget about this nosense, in team up with me.

oh, btw, i don't know why, but when i try to open the door of this room before, kind of giving me the creepies.

en?

what the..., what's the matter, you shaking like a dog, doc. 

look at me, look at me, the monster inside of me is getting bigger, [Youhan].

this is all just a game to you, isn't it?

hey, doc, wait up, come on, wait, listen to me, doc, i'm talking to you.

oh, for crying out loud, i have got some really good news to tell you, you're gonna to thank me for this.

you keep your promise team up with me, right?

i never said, i'm team up with you.

hey, i just thought you might need some money to run from the cops, but i guess i was wrong.

just get in the car.

this is our first client. the nice man less grouchy to your patient,doc 
i'll hang on to things from now, if you want them back, you'd better do your job, get paid the rest.
meet up with me in the [----] street. 

so long, now ,get out of there, earn your keep. 
that's what i called a   business, since i already get in advance, so i supposed it's time to go and have a drink.