hi, councilor, i brought back a doctor for you.

thank you for coming, doctor. hurry, please stop the bleeding.

it appears your auxiliary artery has been damaged, did you get hurt by a shotgun?

yeah,

hey, the doctor is empty-handed, did you get the surgical equiptment?

well, it's too dangerous in the city, i couldn't get that far.

i couldn't operate on your here even if i had the proper equiptment.

you need to be taken to a fully equipped hosptial

i already would have done that if i was able to, save him already

about how long ago he was wounded?

cann't have questions, doctor.

4 hours ago. were you involved in the terrorist attack this morning?

what does it matter if we were.

i won't do it.

what the hell are you saying?

i am not helping people who took others lives indiscriminatelly

you shut your mouth, do you realise the situation you are in right now, either.
you help him or you die.

calm down, carl.

listen,doctor, our friends will be coming for help.
so, it's simple, all you need to do is stop the bleeding and buy me some time.

what the hell do you thinking you are doing, do you want him to die?

i've already told you, you need to clam down.

yes, but..., Councilor.

now, you're listening to me very carefully, my life is in this doctor's hands right now.

if i die, then you can shot him.

we're not running a charity, you own us, so you're gonna to pay back 250,000 marks we lent you.
simple as that, [---]

but, Mr.[---], i will pay you back,sir.

that's nice, i'm gald you feel in that way.
how considering it.

now, go on ahead, break both of his arms

i get it, i get it, i will pay you back. i will.

that's a good boy.

i just need you to give me a one more month.

break both of his legs too.

Witnesses have help police identify the main suspects, they're [---] and [---] 

oh, please, please wait

the GWE is offering a 3,000 Marks for any information leading to the arrest of the terrorists

wait a minute, it's them.
i can pay you back the money, i know where those of guys are, i really do,
and that will take care of what i own you.

this is better to be the truth, otherwise, i'm gonna to break your scrawny neck.

it's true, it's true. how would i lie?

oh, men, that's right, i forget Tenma was still with those guys.
oh, well. who cares.

you call me a murder who goes around killing people indiscriminatelly.
but you're wrong, doctor.
what i did, i'm meaning, there was a good reason for what i did.

now that, the president of GWE is dead, i can finally die in peace.
i've already told my mind, i achieved what i said i have to do.

Councilor

i used to be a lawer in East Germany, and my friend here was a political secretary.
when the wall came down, we lost our jobs.

doctor. do you have any idea what it is like for us?

after the wall fell, GWE came to the East with their big funding
they barged in and built these factories on our land, one after the other.
there was our country, our land, they have no right to do that.
They stepped all start over our pride 
well, i'm pround to have shot that bastard.
i'm glad that i did it. 

Councillor

it's cold, i'm cold

hang on, just hang on, our friends will be here soon.

they won't come. i have a feeling that our friends won't be joining in us.

stop the bleeding, now, doctor
hurry-up, i'll shot you.

don't do it

i don't want you to die.i don't want to die.i don't want to die.

are you afraid of, are you afraid of dying?

now,well, you know what they're felt like.
that 12 people you killed, that's how they die, this is what they went through.

now, do you know what it means to kill someone?

get scissors and some disinfectant.
is that too much to ask?

arterial bleeding is pretty bad, he's in a state of shock from the low blood pressure
i can keep my hand pressing against the wound to stop the bleeding.
i'm going to have to suture the open fresh here, needle and thread.

we don't have that

finding a stapler will do 

what?a stapler?

just go and get it.

yes, sir

all right.

what? what do you think you are doing?

i've done what i can.he needs to get to a hosptial.

what? a hosptial? no,what are you thinking?
if you don't put him down right now, i will kill you.

pull the trigger, if you want.
but if you kill me, know this, you're gonna to carry him to the hosptial yourself.

put me down right here, you need to save yourself.

i just realise that i've seen your face before.
you're the doctor wanted in connection with those serial murders, aren't you? 
put me down, damn it.

what i did this morning, was not a indiscriminate attack
the man i killed was the president of GWE.
His lackeys, and his body-guards, and they all had it coming.

so ,you're telling me there were no innocent victims in that shotting.

you're talking about that girl at the newsstand

you've already known about it then

you know you shot that girl, didn't you?

why did you bother saving a man like me?

it wasn't because you 're afraid to get shot.
you weren't afraid to die,i can tell when i look into your eyes.
so why did you do it?
why save a terrorist like me?
why would you even bother?

because i believe in you, i have a faith in your humanity 

you should get going, the police will be here soon.

you hang in there.

you, too, you're truly a great doctor.

and the money, what happen to the money?

hey, doctor, don't tell you've fix him, just left and get no paid

would you like to say something, come on.

the two alleged suspects surrendered to the authorities quietly and without incident

hey, we are not operating a charity often in here, doctor.