hey, that's not fair
you are supposed to fail when i kick you

hahah, my evil empire's going to take over the world
you [--] little kick isn't going to stop me

the bad guys always lose in the TV show
don't you know anything?

hahha

well, well, well, how's the golable domination come along?

come on, Youhan, tell him to stop breaking rules and play the right way.

hhah

the big secret of breaking the rules, is to make look you are following them
so what sort of plans do you have for the airs?

who knows, why should i care?
i'm gonna just destory everything anyway

hey, let's start a lot of fun of being a stupid hero.

yeah, forget the [---], i want to be [---] too.

well, guys, should we start make our way back?

ok

come on, so did you have fun today?

yeah

time to go home

finally starting to warm up a bit.
that's good

i guess

how is Rose Marry, you know
caught any colds this winter?

not a one. too busy [---] around with her friends to get sick

that's good, she used to get those fevers like clock work

hey, remember that one time years ago 
rushing her to the doctor in the dead of night

oh, those all pictures, you always keep them on you.

of course, i do. i bet she is a lot big now
they grow up so fast
these photos of mine must be [enginee] history.
but still, no matter how grow up she gets
i always know it's her the moment our eyes met
she always be my little girl

oh, i almost forget
whenever she is ready, please give Rose Marry where to sent the envlope 
the newspaper clipping mostly and the offical internal affairs report from when i shot that young man
who killed all those people. 

i'm not ask you to defend me
you've done that enough.
i shouldn't shot him
i will be the first to see it
i just want our daughter to know, to know the truth about the old man, even it is terrible.

a, i understand.

[--] she said etheir way.

i ask her again if she wants to see you
if she is ok with that, then so am i.

really, thank you
just give me a call, at the lady's time. usually home by 9 o'clock 

oh, Richard, that's good to see the old you again.

pardon?

that's looking in your eye.
they show like that when you first made detective
remember, that fire of you [---] when you and i first met 

we both had it.

so ,what do you think?
if you roll in today, we can get you in a low [prim---]

the thing of it is, we have already have assurances
we don't need another policy.

let me just show you our rates. Mr. Libert, that's all i ask

the coverage we have right now is more than enought
i couldn't afford a home new policy at the moment anyway. 

we've had our current one 4 years since we moved into this neighborhood.

4 years, a, where were you living before?

over near [---], [--] town

[--] town, how about that?
it's a nice area.
so are you floks from that originally

yes we are, and nice [---] statement
























   





























