so do you floks have any kids?

a son, yes.
he is attending the university of Munich

that's what i like to hear, as it turns out we are offering a new plan 
that's perfect for young adults
hear me out, this won't take a minute

yeah, your son, i persume, well, he sure was a handsome baby
what's his name?

his name is Youhan

would you like some tea?

yeah, don't go to way trouble, i'm on my count 

they must keep prety busy in school
seem like he doesn't call us in a long time

boy's gonna like that when they leave the nest.

sounds like you speak for a experience.

hhaha

hello, doctor Ryfan
i'm back
yeah. i went to the Youhan's folks house.
that's the thing, they were normals they could be, totally average.

so, what do you make of it, Richard?

i will back to my detective days, i probably would say there is nothing fishy more than normal thing
or something to that fact. 
now, i just don't know.

how to tell?

at any rate. i'm just going to keep checking people around Youhan.
where is the floor?
nobody that is perfect

Youhan enjoyed a good reputation during his primary school days.
he is great with top notch in the valuation [---]  as a model student

a?
"but still, no matter how grow-up she gets, i always know it's her when our eyes meet, she is always my little girl"

the baby's face in the photo, there is no way he grew up to look like Youhan

here you go, sir
the birth certificate you ask about

oh, thank you

YOuhan Libert, day of birth, 9.2.1976
so he is definitly born in this town
everything here reads, pretty a jet

Mr. Hers

a?

how many times do i have to tell you, you can't light up here

just give a [---], i promise i will smoke at real quick

no way, a risk anther fire like 4 years ago
i'm not replacing all these damn files again, Mr. 

you have to recreate your files from the scretch?

a? well, yeah
we did have to ask people to sumbit their information
it took a while, but we were a small town, so we got all of documents again eventually

hey, thank you so much for coming, doctor Gellen

good to see you again, it's been too long, Doctor VeikFan.

so i'm to understand, when doctor Tenma came to see you, he was looking for a young man called Youhan

that's right, but there was no evidence with which to cooperate the story
however, if the young man in this photo is the friend who manipulated by [---] rearch subject
when peter Yougens, a serial killer,  commiting another murder
then clues must exist that tie these events together

i'm counting on you, doctor Gellen

right, i will get [---] interview Yougens as soon as possible.

i will let him see these photograph, and monitor any reactions
it might help prove Tenma's innocents, that's worth to try.

so he is dead?

that's right, the real younhan libert, who was born in Blong town, and died when he was 2 years old.

hold on, you are saying that Liberts were replacing the dead son with someone else
and after that fire destorying the original records, they used that chance to put the another boy into that identity?

i'm afraid so

if they did, then who is this young man masking [---] Youhan Libert a life in well
[---] lies, who the hell is he?

at any rate, i did pass along Youhan's photograph to doctor Gellen when he stopped in to see me
