hopefully, he will get to interview that killer again sometime soon
now then, how about dinner?

sorry, but it is getting late.
another time?

what's this?
you run around all day, and now you are working out through night as well

hardly
i am excepting a very important phonecall
cross your fingers
it's a chance that i may get to see Rose Mary

really?

don't worry. i'm ok
you are always telling me to focus on the road ahead, aren't you?

en, of course, this is an important step you are in recovery

yes, hello

hi, Daddy, it's me

hi, Rose Mary.
Daddy is fine,
en, ha, of course, i love to see you

you say when, i will be there.

Mr. Brown, it's Youhan.

tell me Ugens, this young man, do you recognize him?
maybe you've met him somewhere before

i don't know him

en, this friend of yours, Youhan, right?
you only know of him through letters. you never actually met hom, isn't that correct?
but Youhan certainly seems to know a lot about you.

should i borrow your pen for a moment?

what's that?
sorry, you know the rules here permitting me give your anything.

give me your pen

en?

the park, that's where he was
killed someone the day before
i remember thinking, i'm starting to kill people.
i've enough for all of this.
that's what i told myself
"he was there with a bunch of kids"

wait, hold on a second.
i should to record , just start over again, please

come with us, come with us, come with us...

what are you doing here?

we met Mr Shevald thursday, remember?
Youhan Libert, Sir, i've been trying to get touch with you 
but to know where, so i figure out i drop by

oh, yes, doctor Gelen, it's you 
good, so is there anything interesting hanppen when you show Ugens that photograh of Youhan

a? wait, he is dead

correct, i'm out of the hospital right now
the police are still undone in questioning me
so i'm stuck here.
listen, we lost our vital witness tonight, because i was careless to hand over our [---] [---] pen
but i know one thing for sure.
Ugens committed suicide, because he saw that photograh of Youhan

en

i will be over here as soon as i finish up with the police, all right?

all right, i will give Richard a call and let him know.

he'd better be home.

a report for class, ha?

that's right, on the [---], you were conviting that you were raising the child
and if the treament of [---] offenders hold up.
oh, how rude of me. care for something to drink

no, thanks, i'm fine.

that's right, you do [---] stay out of alcohol
yeah, probably for the best.
you did have a quiet drink problem