i mean you were drunk when you shot that boy, isn't that right?
or, so i heard

yes i was.
not that matters, what i did was unforgivable, drumk or not.

i have a few questions about what happened if you don't mind.

tell me about the Victim, Yous, age 17
of what crime the child was executed.

don't be so naive, son
Yous was a monster.
he was old enough to rap and murder 9 women, and almost killed 2 more.

so you executed him

no, i didn't

right. pardon me
speaking of article 14 of Un conviction states every child is persumed innocent until proved guilty according to the law.
will you familiar with that?

yes, of course i was, i used to work in [---] Attention 

i see, and article 37 the one goes "you can't impose captial punishment or life imprisionment without possibility of releasing [--] any person below age 19"?  
you know that one?

the conviction agreements consider basic human rights for the adults, children or like
what kind of folk you take me for?
you really think i plan all that events
mine shouting him was a drunk mistake
look, i know that what i have done can never be undone, all rihgt.
and i accepted the consequences of my actions

oh, please, Mr Brown, allow me to explain
i'm not trying to integnize you
i just want to cover my topic from every angle
i'm very sorry, sir, i really should use more tatic
should we walk? the night air might do some good.

i'd like to purchase the bottle, please
just something to take the age of the night air

oh, doctor Alen, i keep calling him ,but there is no answer.
you know, Richarch did say he might be getting to see Rose Mary soon
but this is hard to be seem the hour for a father- daughter reunion 

well, when you finally get to hold on him, let him know how dangerous that young man could be
and tell him that i'm road to his department

do you ever look into the Yous background?

of course, he grew up in a east German orphanage, or something like that.

there is more too than you know

en?

his crimes were expected if you knew his past.

to a child, like Steph, that orphanage is like hell on earth.
he was a good boy, but that didn't save him from the whore.
that might make it even worse
that orphanage [---] his mind and then [--] his teeth with his soul
the convention on the rights of children of article 6, the right to light  survial develepment
article 8, perservation of identity
article 19, protection from abuse 
to Steph, these were so many fairy tales.
[--], there is no more fitting words for a place like that, i can barely speak its name aloud.
511 kidHiemn still seem [--] on my spy 
so when you see your daughter?

what did you say?
how do you know about her?

before you answer the door, you were on the phone with her
isn't that so?

a?

when do you see her?
tommorrow, maybe?

a?

enough talk. what do you upto?

i'm just doing my research report
that's all

no dammnit, i'm on to you, kid, you get to tell me what do you get to plan for Shuval
so, who are you?
who are you, tell me

you got drunk when you shot that boy to death
that's what you said
plenty of people did see you drinking in the bar that day
but that was after you've already killed Steph 
that's kind of odd, Mr. Brown
i've researched this case [---], and tried as i might, i can't find a single person who saw you drinking before you murdered that young man.
not a one.

a?

Mr.Brown, this [---] have gone long enough, were you really drunk when you pulled trigger?

what?

you're a quite [---], and you were clam
you executed Steph Yous, and you knew exactly what you were doing.

a?

did i get it right?

no

how weak the mind when he wanted to forget
maybe you didn't forget, maybe you were lying.
is that a lie that you tell everyone around you, or perhaps a lie you tell yourself
were you absolutely certain that he committed those crimes
certainly enough to put him down like a rabbit dog

a?

you're guilty of murder, do you think your lies can fool you?

a?

that boy's blood is on your hands.
how are you going to look Rose Mary in the eyes tommorrow?
isn't her daddy a crowd and a murder behind a empty bottle?

well, Richard, how about a drink?

ha?
doctor Alen, is that you?

we are police, we've come regarding your patient, Richard Brown, he is dead.