you have no idea how much trouble you put us through.
we spent countless hours hunting down that serial killer and had him in our sights
but you were drunk as hell and killed him.
believe me, it was no picnic cleaning up your mess

now, if you excuse me, i have not get time to waste on simple suicides.
i'm very busy in investigating with important criminal cases.

a, i want to check out the crime scene
i persume everything has been preserved, right?

i've already given it go and had it cleaned out since it has been determined that there was no crime.
they will be removing all of the deceased affects sometime today

dammit
why the Slow Poker Martin become so efficient

i made it

they are supposed to be arriving any time now to take everything away.

don't worry, i wouldn't be more than a couple of minutes.

must hang its rug from this pipe in the ceiling.
it appears that he wrote this suicide note at this desk
here is the paper he was in the middle of writing
the birth of tragedy, process of reality, world views on psychology
proffer the course for a philosophy student
these must be the materials he was using for his paper
Caesar's Gallic wars?
what was he doing with this book
seems out of place, spanish?
could be Latin, i can't read a word of it
this is the only passage underlined in the book, it seems odd

here it is, room 204
you two, better off go down and get some bunch of boxes.

ok

start with books, it is gonna take a while

i'm on it

hey, don't work too hard, guys

hey. what should we do with these desks?

en, let's just leave there.

all right.

yeah, i'd like to ask you a few of questions about your former neighbor.

i have nothing to say, just leave me alone

hold on, i am not with the local police, i'm a private investigator

i don't care who you are, Mr, you are bothering me
i have a paper due tomorrow
but i have not been able to get it finished
because of all the questioning and commotion going on next door.

oh, all right, i will be quick.
just one question then
would you happan to know if these two were close friends of Amen Froten

could not say, i'm too busy to hang out to watch every body around here
but as far as i know, that guy didn't seem to have any friends i have ever saw.

really?

i have said enough, go away.

hold on a second, just one more little thing

oh, come on, now, what?

could you translate this passage for me
it is a part of this underlined red link

a? this is just ridiculous
it's going to be your fault if i flunk by class
i don't believe i'm doing this for you.

i appreciate it

it says "i can no long continue to ..."

en, ha 

" to deceive"

en, what was the last thing you said

no, i don't know. if you don't mind i'm busy, ok?

so, i can know, "no long continue to deceive"

where have i heared that before.

so you like come here too.

hey, we met a few days ago, Youhan, right?
