why don't you come all the way along up, you can get a much better view if you were standing up here at the very top  

right

oh, thanks for the hand.

oh, man, kind of scary up here

it's not scary at all.

Youhan, come down from there

come on, stop it. i'm serious, you are gonna fall

do you come here a lot?

yeah,around this time, the light starts coming on the neighborhood looks beautiful
family members are returning home
and the delicious smells of dinner begin filling the air
it is something that i've wanted for a long time.

really?

yeah, i guess because i never really had anything when i was growing up

so tell me, what's your family like?

oh, got it. not something you want to talk about.

wish i could say the same
being bounce form one foster home to another made it important 

if you don't mind.
i'd like to hear your story.

a?

tell me everything you remeber

this is just a sloppy police work.
"i can no long continue to deceive"
and those words are supposed to be proved that he was writing a suicide note?
that was not a suicide note, 
Forten was just working on translating a Latin phrase from this book.

so anyway, that's my story.
i wish it was not so depressing.
but it is all true.
it's very strange, but i feel that i can talk to you about almost everything in the world

tell me one more thing.
that rich father of yours, are you talking about Shuavl?

those tears in your eyes
are you crying for me?

Listen, we get to do something, Carl
i'm there everyday, tending to housekeeping chores.
and i see changes in him that really have me worried.
ever since, Amen committed suicide, Mr Shuavl had not being eaten very much
if he continues to starve himself, he is going to end up dying too.
Carl, why don't you try to tell him that you are his real son?
what have you got to lose?

i want him to get to know me first
and maybe Shuavl will grow to like me
if i tell him the truth now, he won't believe it, because he just doesn't trust me yet
he can completely reject me, and think the only reason i'm coming forward is because i'm after his money.
seems like money means everything to him.
that's all he knows
so how can he understand how i feel

but we can't just do nothing, your father is just in deep depression
we have to come up with a way to get him out of it.

i see you are worried about him.
but don't know what to do

a?

i have a idea that i think it might work.

"i can no long continue to deceive", Amen wrote those words, but they were not meant to be a suicide note
and in his dorm, i found this Latin book

Caesar's Gallic wars. and he was working on translating this underlined portion from it
whick means his dead might not be a suicide
i don't have a conlusive prove, it's just might a god feeling based on many years of detective work
have you been listening to the word i said, anything at all?

no, not really.

why? it doesn't matter now

don't say that, it does matter
you have to believe me, if i'm right that Amen didn't commit suicide
there is a possibility that your life is in danger.

that dear lad, he was my son, and i can't bring him back, nothing matters.

now wait a minute, you know that's not a truth
i've already told you the facts.
everything about him, including his birth was completely unreleated to you.
he was a fake, a con.
i will grant you he was not a very good con, apparently he didn't make it happen to fool people.