but that's preciseness what he did to you, Mr Shuval, he deceived you 

i must ask you to leave right now, 
Mr Shuval is tired, and needs to rest.

i'm not going to let this investigation end yet.
and my decision has nothing to do with this being my first high profile PI joob
i can feel it, there is a far great evil looking somewhere behind this case.

sometimes in life, even if we want to, there are things we can't do over, we can ever make it right.
they are gone, can you understand that?

yes, i understand.
only too well, this is not over yet.
good day to you, sir.

a children's right treaty.
yes, i guess you could think it as an international rights agreement 
to secure and protect the civil liberties of children in countries all around the world
that's what i am currently working on in my law class anyway.
but my volunteer job with the orphanage is completely unreleated to that project.
i do this because i know i can help make a difference in their lives.

hi, guys, can we get back to what we were discussing earlier?
you said Shuval went bankrupt 3 times in the past?

yes, after each one of them, he would just disappear
and when he'd reappear, he'd start from scratch, and worked to regain his fortune
Mr Shuval told me doing one of our friday reading sessions
how this experience reenergized him, gave him strength

well, did you ask him where he went when he disappeared each time?

yes, i think i get it.
your plan is taking him there.
am i right?

everyone has a place to go where he can feel good 
for you, Carl, it is the roof top of the university building 
where you go to see the city lights.

oh.

Mr. Kens, i think there is wrong with the bath room's sink.
it could be clocked.
do you mind taking a look, please?

there might be water dropping out of the pipes, see

en?
Lotie, there is nothing wrong with the sink, it is working.

open it up, come on.
open this door now.
stop playing around, child.
stop playing around, this is unacceptable
let me out, open up this door now, where are you going with Mr. Shuval?
open up, you, kidnaps
i demand you open this door

hey, guys, that's that
mission accomplished

right? let's go.

are you going to tell me where we are going.

it's a surprise

look, lady, i'm well aware that you are not the real Marge Linger
i just want information about Amen Forten, the boy who died recently.
he came to see you not long ago, didn't he?

Forten, who reminded me which one he was

which one?

apparently, i'm very popular. 
i had 2 pairs of visitors, each said he was the Shuval's kid.
was the blonde one or was the one with the black hair 


the black hair?

yeah, the black hair, he came with a girl, isn't that funny?
i still can't believe that he actually showed up with a girl in a place like ...

a black hair, you say. did the girl have glasses?
i get photos of those somewhere
is these 2?

yeah, that's who i saw.

you are positive about this?

he said that he was [---] [---] Shuval's son?

are you sure this is the right spot?

yeah, i'm absolutely certain. it should be right around here.

can you tell me the name of this surprise?

well, as a matter of fact, we brought you out to visit [---] woods, sir. 

we were hoping this place will cheer you up.