Patric,open up, Patric, you are going in for a checkup, and that's final.

i told you, stop wasting you time coming here.

yeah, if you open the damn door right now, it won't be a waste of my time.

nobody ask you to bother in.

you are stubborn as an old mule, you know that?

no closer talking you, quack.
i've never been to a doctor in my entire life.
and i'm a healthy woman, a very healthy woman as a matter of fact.
now ,leave me alone

who are you?

doctor, we get a problem, doctor Suman.

yes ,what is it?

it's the drunk [Thin], he got hit by a car out on the highway. 

when you left him, was he still awake?

i'm not sure, but some guy was treating him when i left.

somebody who just have happened to been passing by, i guess.

some passerby?

so, mind telling me what happened here?
i told him you are out doing house calls, but that man insisted 

oh, he insisted, did he?

i'm so sorry, i try to stop him. but he said he need to take a emergency measure, 
because the patient might choke to death.

en, well, who did say he was? 

i don't know, he never did tell me his name.

oh, he did write something on the chart though.

en, the patient kept pleading with me not to bring him to this clinic, 
because he said he had no money to pay for a doctor.
please take this to cover any medical expenses
bastard, who does he think he is?

doctor, where are you going?

this fellow, what does he look like?

he was a asian man, he had a little boy with him.

doctor, what about Mr [Thin]?
he...

there is nothing more i can do for him

but that man only took a emergency measure to prevent choking

yeah, a emergency measure is my eye, that stranger patched him up perfectly

3:31

Listen, Diter, you can't keep following me around like this, it isn't going to work
i can never stay in just one place, you can't go to school like this.
you won't make any friends.

i have a friend.

en? who is that?

it's you.

that isn't what i meant

was it you?

where were you the one showing me up in my own clinic?

keep your damn money, maybe i'm just a country doctor, but i take care of my own
i would never stupid so lowest to charge that poor drunkard for treatment.

sir, i just...

you're probably some big city doctor out on vacation
i bet you're pleased as punch you got to show us yokel some charity

hi, how's going.

come on, Diter, let's go.

you keep you busy

don't you know it

wait up, i'm not finish with you yet.

i'm terrible sorry, we are in a hurry, we have to get going now.

Thin got injuried in the hit and run
oh, you mean that guy drinks too much? 

Yeah. we're looking for any witnesses

[that's], good luck with that one.

oh, here the doctor Ximan.
so, how's [Thin] doing?

looks like he's going to pull through
i'm more worried about the bottle doing a man

and you are?

a?who am i?

doctor Qian, we're alumni in the same medical school
he figured he dropped by the village while he's on vacation

doctor Qian?
have you and i met somewhere before?

he took care of Thin actually since i was out making house calls

good thinking, he was here, yes, sir.
speaking of house calls, guess where i went again today. 

where?

hey, this is obviously, i'm talking about your mother, Patric
 
 my mother, you need to tell her to come down to the clinic right away.
there is no telling what maybe wrong with her without a checkup.  

there is no way, she is too stubborn, come on..
you know that woman won't listen to anybody.

she is your mother, stop acting so flip.

don't worry, doctor, trust me, mom isn't going to die that easily.

what?

besides, she raised me, so what's left to to. 
when it's time, she won't have any regrets.

what did you say? bite your tongue
Patric has plenty of living to do, do you hear me?

why did you lie to him?

because i never would make it to think in time.
you know, he'd be dead right now, if you hadn't stepped in like i did

thank you very much, sir.

you turned white as a sheet when you saw Hans

how come?
never mind
at least i know you're not some hot-shot doctor from the city.

i'm in your debt, sir 

i really do mean it. i don't know how i can ever pay you back.

is that so ?
hop in the car, i have got an idea.

your splint is misaligned, i will straighten it.
this may hurt a bit, but just hang in there.

there you go, that should do the trick

don't let me catch you not wearing that in the next 2 weeks.

hey, doctor, i made some smooth apple wine, how about we drink to my new [cats].

i think that's a awful idea, but i'll have a drink with you when the case comes off

you should be fine. 5 days, you can go back to the fields.

good news, hey, Mr. Sharens.

doctor, why don't you take some potatoes, we have a good crop this year.

i remember that offer when i come back some afternoon with a truck

thanks for the help. 
i specialtize internal medicine, but i have to be a jack of all trades out here.

i'm all the doctoring these folks get.
there is only one of me.

it's wonderful.

yeah,tranquility is the one thing this place hasn't spend

no, i didn't mean the land.

i mean how much you love all the people in this village,
and at the same time how much they all seem to love you back

en, love, that ship sailed a long time ago.
this is my job, and that's why i do it.

well, one last stop and you will be a free man
i save the best for the last.

you just don't quit, do you?

Quit, i don't even know the meaning of the word.

and it will be the same thing no matter how many times you come back  
just leave, quack.

like i'm talking to a mule.

Patric is the mother of that officer who had you spooked
she collapsed 3 days ago, working in the fields 
i talked her into coming down to the clinic, but she changed the mind on the way over.  
she's been holed up in there ever since

that's worrisome

ah

not to bother in, but do you mind if i try talking to her.

that's not gonna make a little difference.

don't tell me you're still standing out there, you idiot.

i will stay where i'm damn well, woman

doctor, please, you have to calm dowm
she will never come out if you keep yelling at her like that

you're getting a checkup, that's final, 
i'm not going to stand the possibility of losing you.

a?

what i mean is i would not have anyone to fight with any more.
also ,i wouldn't be able to eat that goulash of her if that old stubborn thing passed on

he missed her, how come your face's red.
 
what did you say? you little brat.

please, Mrs.Patric, open the door.

another doctor, are you kidding me ?

what did i say? it's waste of time.

so tell me, why did you hate doctors?

why do i hate doctors?
i will tell you why.
you play god with people's lives
that's why.

God, don't i wish
sometime,i think it would be great if we were.
we try our best, but we make mistakes too.
wouldn't it be great if doctors could be perfect like god, just heal people.
when i see my patients, it's always the same 
on the inside,i'm trembling like a leaf
please, Mrs Patric, let me at least see you.

a?

what is it i'm smelling, you're cooking some goulash in here, aren't you?

why are you asking?
you like goulash or something.