i do
but it seems doctor Suman is a particularly big fan of it.
at least, that's what he told me anyway

well, that's news to me, i aways make it for him and he eats it, but he never says a word.

he is very shy, this looks very delicious

my goodness, my shoulders are so stiff and i still have a lot of food to prepare for tonight's dinner.

stiff shoulders?
Miss Petra, can you touch your chin down you chest?

of course, i can easily enough to do.
watch, ouch

let me just check something, mam

4 fingers wide

some what was that about?

oh, nothing

how is she?

it isn't good, a subarachnoid hemorrhage

hey, wait, what do you say?

Petra...

hi, Hins, the fax came in for a murder suspect. make some copies

is your mother ok, i heard she had a fainting spell 3 days ago

she is all right, that tough old lady is gonna live out all of us.

the first stroke occurred least than 3 days ago, we can still make it, but we need operate immediately
can you get a helicopter here on time.

can you do it? please, if you can perform this operation, then do it
if you can't, then my feelings will have lost me a woman i love for a second time.

are you sure that is doctor Kanzu Tenma?

positive.

all right, he probably hasn't gone far, set up checkpoint along the highway.
if we catch this guy, it will be big, Hins.

yes, sir

prepare for a emergency deployment

this is great, i think things go well, i can get promoted.

Hins, you get a call.

this is Hins speaking, the nurse from clinic.
what? are you kidding me, my mom collapsed again?

oh, god, why didn't i drag her into down, if they had checked her at the state hospital,
it won't come to this.

doctor Tenma, you are the only one who can save her.

just as i suspected, it's aneurysm of the middle cerebral artery

damn it, we don't even have surgical micro-scope or a craniotome here.

i can still do it as long as i have an aneurysm clip

no, it's too difficult even for someone of your caliber

we have got no other options here.
if the aneurysm ruptures, i'm afraid she is not going to survive the night.

it's my fault, this is happening again.

what are you talking about. doctor Suman.

those aren't the words from a man who single handling take care of this entire town

i don't know what happened in the past, but you have to do the best job you can do right now.

that's what we doctors can do

yeah

hey, kid, doctor Suman is inside, isn't he?

en,hey, he is operating right now

what do you mean, he is operating. why are they doing in here?
the clinic said they were taking her to the hospital in town.

don't worry, Tenma in there is helping.

Tenma is there.

how's the blood pressure and pulse?

blood pressure is holding steady at 126/84, the pulse is 88.

amazing, he's so fast and efficient, even without the benefit of craniotome

a? what the hell are you doing?

we're operating on your mother, isn't that obvious?

what are you doing with that gun?

put your hands up ,Tenma.
do it.

if he stops now, she will die, is that what you want?

he is the one trying to kill her, Tenma is wanted for murder.
he is a suspect in several killings.

what?

he killed a man in Heidelberg, and he is the primary suspect in the serial murders of those couples.

who would have thought i find you here.

leave the good old Mom, i'm always looking for a new way to help out, boy.
now, put your hands up, Tenma. if you don't, i will shot.

like you, Will.

this is our sterile operating room, or wasn't until you came barging in, 
do you want your mother to die in meningitis
because it's very likely to happen if you keep standing there.

then, then stop the operation.

she is going to die, Hins. don't you get it?

there is a subarachnoid hemorrhage in your mother's brain, and she had it for 3 entire days
if we don't save her now, she dies.

now, get out of here, Hins.

no way, i'm hunting you, Tenma.
you're just planning on using my mother as hostage, you can run away from here.

all right, nurser, aneurysm clipping for steps, please
aneurysm clipping for steps now

yes, that's my mother on that table.
i don't want any to hurt her

yes, Petra is your mother, and you're her son.
but what kind of son have you been to her in these past 5 years,
i know you didn't visit her once since you left for the city.
she sacrifice a lot for you, and what have you done for her in return?
anything?
listen, son, the folks we love can be gone at any instant.
do you remember what your mother's goulash taste like?
even now, years later, Petra sets a dish for you
i should know, i'm the one who eats it.
remember? how delicious it is.
doctor Tenma is fighting to save your mother
he is giving her everything he's got
so if you ever want to taste that goulash again, you get out of here now.

see, Tenma is there, so it's ok.

the blood pressure is 140/86, pulse is 82

good, her vital signs are stabilized.
why don't you get some rest, Ms Pieces.

doctor, you've been up all day

what? like you haven't. i'll be just fine.

yes, sir.

you did well today.
doctor Tenma, you should get some rest too.

don't worry about me, i'm fine.

you fine?
that was a grueling operation, you must be dead on your feet.

i want to stay and make sure she pulls through
that way when Mrs Petra has recovered enough, you can go ahead and finally propose to her.

what do you mean "propose"?

ah, i thought you were supposed to be asleep.

i'm not sleeping, not until i take him down to the station.

what's he talking about, anyway?
you're not thinking about marrying my mom, do you?

of course not, don't be so stupid.

even if i did, i'm not the kind of man who was worth proposing to anyone.
i used to work at the university hospital
didn't give a damn about any of my patients
all i cared about was moving upto the ladder faster than the next guy.
i got in good with the director and ended up writing  all his research papers for him
would you believe it?
even married the boss's daughter, what a cliche.
all i moved that damn ladder all right, and ignored her like the wrong she was
if only, i had been a real doctor or shown her the least bit of attention
i have known in the moment

my wife came down with her simple cold, at least that's what i wrote it off as
if only i had looked at her, i would see it, and in turn would see it
severe liver failure

before she died, she said "i finally have your undefined attention"
i don't deserve to love anybody after what i did to that poor woman.

that's not true, you have been paying attention, doctor.
you've been watching over the people of this village.
Petra will be going to survive this, because you're watching

do you still plan on taking this man to jail?
he did everything in his power last night to save your mother's life.
what kind of murder would do that?

Hins

this is Hins, get me the chief.
chief, i make a mistake ,i'm sorry.
we should cancel this search, the man i saw before was not Tenma.
he was another doctor by the name of Qian
i though it was him, because he was Asian

yes, that's right. yes. sir. i'm very sorry

the doctor from the state hospital sure did seem surprised

well, of course, he did, he probably never expected to see such amazing results form a little clinic in the boonies

doctor, Suman. are you really going to let that young doctor leave?

a?

i was making him something to eat, but he packed his bags and left with the kid.

Tenma
don't go, this town is safe for you.
there is no need to run away.

doctor Suman, what are you...

Diter, this is a nice village, isn't it?

you're right, this village may be a very good place for a boy like Diter here.

yes, but not only for him
you could stop running, you'll be off radar if you stay.
the folks in this village need more than i can give them on my own
together, there is no end to the good we could do

i can't, i'm sorry, but i really have to be moving on.

but why?

take care of Diter, he is better off here.

Tenma, wait, i'm going with you.

wait, doctor Tenma, please, thinking of countless lives you could save if you stay.
what's important than that?

save countless lives, before i do that, there is a man whose life i have to end

what? what are you ...

Tenma

you can't mean that, no
Damn it, you are a good man, Tenma
you fought like hell to save Patre's life.
you're not a killer.

there is no use, Tenma is gonna go no matter what you say to him.

go take care of him, Diter
if you stay with Tenma, Maybe you can keep him from going down the wrong path, go with him and look after him.