well, well, you certainly have found an excellent piece of property.
it's only a 20 minutes drive to the center of Berlin,
perfectly situated in the convenient lovely neighborhood.
it's rare to find an unique property of such caliber ,espeically on east side

i can only imagine, if i'm not mistaken.
wasn't that the residents of Mr Libert?
the former head of Commerce of East Germany. 

en, what? you're not a buyer, you're just to investigate Mr Libert.
is that all?

please forgive me, but i just need some information.

i don't know anything about an official who died almost 10 years ago.

apparently, Mr Libert and his wife adopted fraternal twins during the time that they were here?

i told you, i don't know anything.

well ,who owns the property?
can you direct me to them?

listen, a lot of the property in former East Germany used to be owned by Jews
who had to flee during the Nazi regime 

in some cases, the government ended up borrowing land from the people
on the West side. they are not in the countries.
the owner of this property is overseas.
besides, my company is the West side real estate firm
that entered into the eastern market after the wall fell.
we don't know anything about the past.
now ,if you please hurry and leave, i'm locking it up.

is there anyone who you might remember?
could prossibly be someone who knew the Liberts?

like i already told you, this is a residential area,
there are many high regular officials lived, 
most of them fled soon after the wall came down.
espeically the official from the Ministry of Interior.

come to think of it, the ex-official from east Germany department of Commerce lives about 10 houses away

yeah, i remember Mr Libert. 
i would never understand why he decided to take such a risk,
if he only waited a littel longer until the East Germany collapsed.
it makes you wonder why you went to a free country and only to be killed in the end. 
it's a damn shame, really.

do you remember Mr libert had children? twins, perhaps.

did they have twins, you say?

oh, yes, that's right, Mr Libert adopted those twins from the orphanage.

are you srue?

that's right. those two are such cute kids.
Mr Libert always did talk about one of children

which orphanage was it?

which one was it? 511?
yes, that's right, i believe they came from 511 Kid [---]

i'm sorry, 511 Kid [--]?