you are looking very well.

thanks

and how is your job, everything is going smoothly?

hahha

i'm happy you are doing well

is Rose Mary alright?
how is she adjust thing?

she is doing fine.
she's made a lot of new friends

that's terrific
sounds like she's fitting in.
yeah, that's a really good news
she's becoming used to a new school

i should get going
i'm sorry, it's getting to be quite late.
but right now, before i forget, i brought you some pictures.
there are new ones of Mary

i prefer to see her in person
how about 2 days from now.
we can meet her again

the fact is, i'm completely [---] over 
my life's back to normal again

Loyou, Actually, this may be the first time, my life's been truly normal
it's finally clear to me how much i've screwed it up.

i'm gonna let her to decide whether she wants to see you or not.

yeah, i'm really hoping she will

Ricard, i have to go now, or i will be late

see you.

hahah....

yes, sir?

just more coffee, please.

Doctor Riff, what's your impression of this man?

tell me something, Ricard.

a..

precisely, why do you think you are here?
well, you are here for consulting, i ask the question, remember?
as i told you before, i'm a doctor, not a fortune teller.

right, your insight comes from your used experience with patients

so, who is the boy in the photo this time?

a person [in---] in my case, he made the initial discovery of Amen Forten's body at the [----] suicide scene
supposedly he is the friend of the decease, that's all i know

well, here is what i know, Ricard.

yeah

you're a dedicated workaholic, but you'd learn to take time for yourself to releax

i'm begining to do, just that.

well, wonders never cease

and doctor, i have news

about what?

Rose Mary, i might be able to see her very soon

oh, well, you must be looking forward to that

yeah

but just remember, 

en?

if you do get to see her, you can't get back the time you lost
you need to be emotionally prepared for changes in her.
no matter what.
and listen, you must not touch a drop of alcohol, am i cleared?

don't worry, i won't

i suppose that you have to work on your case again

yeah

don't leave yet, i think it's time to talk about the event that got you kicked off the police force.
tell me, Ricard, what do you remember from that day?