well, i remember all of it, he was 60 years old
and a suspected murder, i've been drinking on the job when i spoted at him.
i shot him dead
he died because i was drunk.

you face up to it.
but that doesn't erase it.
it will always be there.
and nothing can remove that memeory from your head.
so do you know what's important now?

give myself a perssion to move on, right?

that's correct, you may step to the head of the class 

do i get a plus, professor?

not so fast, i don't give up perfect scores easily
i demand results.
and besides, i'm not over crazy about perfect patients.
they are boring, frankly.

Carl Leman, a business [---] student of economic department at Munich school
apparently, he told that prostitute, impostor Mager Lager, that he too is Shuval's really son.
but this boy, i don't know whether he is telling the truth or not.
however, i need to investigate that possibility.

yes?

excuse me. i finish all the cleaning, so i will be going now

yeah, thanks for all your hardwork.

cleaning for you is never hardwork
it's pretty weird for a man living by himself to be so neat.
it makes my job here extremely pleasant. 

well, lately i have been trying to clean my act on old franch

i couldn't help notice that you have got new pictures of your daughter.

yes, i may be able to see her soon

finally, that's just wonderful
your daughter will be so delighted.

do you really think so?

of course, what a young girl wouldn't be happy to see her father!

hahah...

yeah, it was a tough one, so will you be able to trun your paper on time?

Carl Leman, i can't figure out if you know for sure, why don't you tell Shuval that you are his real son. 
are you just another con man? or are you the real deal?
if you're the only jet, that what is stopping you
don't you realise that any parents would be over-joy just to see their own children.

i'm sorry, she said she doesn't want to see you

oh, well, that;s fine.

she's made her mind, i didn't want to force her, it's her decision

hey, that's ok. don't worry about it
it's fine

i have got to go

well, fine

yes?

what can i get for you

whisky will do.

here you go

then i will just go where he is, then you can find him there

no, you can't.
oh, Carl, when you old enough you can meet your father if you want
don't hate him, if he turns you away.
promise me that, no matter what.
because Momy doesn't hate him.
keep this with you always
it's a gift from your father on the day you were born

with none to admire them, the [--] of the [--] is pround to be bloom 
with none to admire them, the trees of [---] [--- ]
oh, the bloody tracks of then nameless man

that was wonderful

a?

i must say, Leman, you've come a long way to become a excellent reader.

thanks very much, sir.

i'm impressed by how much your Latin has improved in a short time you've been reading for me.