to be prefectly honest, i've been tutored by someone 

well, he is certainly a excellent teacher,
would he be anybody i know?

Youhan, Youhan Libert is my tutor.

Youhan, a prefection young man

yes

and not only a Latin
he has extensive knowledges of law, economics and amazing attitude in fact whatever he studies
he is a boy who is beautifully gifted everything
he is true prefection 

Mr. Shuval
what would you think for a boy like him. 
what if Youhan Libert was actually your real son?

and he smiled, and it was the first time i've ever seen his smile 
he made it clear, that your word is enough to be his son, Youhan
to be honest, i was jealous
no matter which way i looked at, you came off better than me
i'm ashamed to admit it, but i do envy you.

why don't you just tell him?

a?

come on, Carl, what have you get to lose?
go ahead, tell Shuval that you are his real son.

will you stop it?
how many times must i tell you that i have no intention of doing that
what would be the point if i did?
he would never believe me
and worse than that, then he will think of me as just another greedy preditor
only interesting in getting a hold of his fortune.
he will depise me forever.

how my mother lived her life until her death.
with everything i have gone through up until now.
he knows nothing about me
and i wouldn't stand for him beging i'm after his fortune when he doesn't know a thing.

that's exactly why you should talk to him
you have to gain him trust, making him understand the truth about his son.

he never believe i'm his son

well, don't you have something from your past that will prove to him.

what?

anything he might recoginze or remember.
you know, something you both could recall.

oh, no, there is nothing, as far as i know

think back, there must be something

i'm drived to be blank
it doesn't matter, i don't want to tell him, ok?

if that's the case, can you explain why you spend all that time having me to do your Latin?

wasn't it because you want to please him?
because you want to make him pround of you.

i'm thinking that it may be, i should quit my job of his reader.
yeah, it is for the best.
thanks for concern, i appericate it
but i guess i am done.

Youhan, wait.
i feel you are entitled to know the truth
my do have something to prove who i am

well, what is it?

it's done. i don't know why i am still holding on to it.
i'm not going to convince him and i don't need to 
my foster parents are coming to visit me next week.
i've been fooling myself
i'm not the son he want to have 

so i see, when you remind me that would be important not to waver.
so for the time being, Carl.
i think it would be a good idea to let me keep a eye on your prove.

we are so happy to hear your study is going well.
isn't that right, Mother?

hha, but i haven't worried about Carl
i want to make sure you are eating right.

well, i'm already eating out, so i know i have to be careful not to getting any weight.

better stay away from your mother's cooking, too

hhahah, let say it's so delicious.

how is your socail life, son
are you making a lot of friends?

yeah, i have get some people i hang out with, can talk to him about everything

teriffic, it's good to have friends.

yes, that's very true.