and it looks like to us you are doing quite well.

i am extremely grateful for the both of you.
that i can't even be here

well, what's this all the sudden?
there is no need for the thanks

for years, i was shadowed from one foster home to another one where
no one cared about me
but you two treated me with such a kindness.

as because you're a wonderful young man
we both think so.

that's right, Carl

thank you for everything you have given me 
Mrs and Mr Langer.

isn't about the time you stop calling us Mrs and Mr ?
we came here hoping that you would finally accept our offer.
we know this is being hard for you.
but now, with colloge training you so well, Mother and i were wondering if you made up your mind
have you decided to become our adopted son, Carl?
we believe in you, and we want you to succeed 
we trust you, you trust us, don't you?

oh, absolutely

we understand why you might still be a little hesitate 
there is a chance that your real parent are still alive.

no matter how much effort we make
we can never be your birth parents
but maybe


there is no maybe about it

a

because the both of you are as real to me as my birth parents could never be.

hahha

oh. my...

let's have a toast, feel like have some expensive champagne, son

well, yeah

waiter, bring us some champagne list, we are celebrating
today is our special day 

hello, Carl's speaking.

hello, Carl, it's me. do you know who this is?

Mr Shuval

that's correct
now what's the sign here about quitting your job?

right, sir?

that's very disappointing.

i'm very sorry for any inconveinece. this is my calls.

i just hate to see you abandon your Latin
you put so much hardwork into it

thank you for your concern, sir

it real is a shame
i'm going to miss you, you know
as a favor to me, if you don't mind, would you read to me one last time?

sure, it would be my pleasure.

how about the 3rd chapter of [---] to [---]

a, a splendid choice.

that mystery say "[---] for the death, even the God [---]"
what other pleasure could they be
until wish death upon the sons and daughters and [---s]
now move forward softly, whisper Zons
move forward, move on
and dance in the temple that belongs to the dark gods
the gods of [---] who do well in the sea, the earth, and the heavens
from [---] of [---], steal the forbidden apple of the [---]
and bring forth the apple, and everything
everything to save my soul
bring forth everything to save my soul

Mr Shuval, but your phone call 

magnificent, so heart-felt , the meaningful, the best i've heared in my whole life.
why did you keep this for me?

is that mine?

this ribbit s hold so many memories 
i gave it to Margel a long time ago, a good look charm
i want to pass that luck to you.
this is yours, Carl
my son.
i've put you through so much.

oh, father

i found my son.

this is all thank to one person 
he told me about everything, he is helpful and valuable
so from now on, you will be working for me as my secretary
he is a young man who can be trusted