that's good enough
when you say that, just what exactly do you mean, Mr Shuval?

i've decided that i'd learned enough
i'm calling off the inverstigation

but, sir, we had a breakthrough.
i'm close to another.
i checked down the Carl Leman
one thing certain, that boy is your real son.

i'm quite grateful to you for what you have done

now ,hold on, there is still more to be done.
there are still Amen Foran issues need to be figured out.
Amen pretended to be your son, but some evidences i've discovered seem to indicate that 
he didn't really commit suicide.
if that's really the case, someone else is pulling the strings and may kill the Foran.

it has been resolved to my satisfaction.

father, i made some tea, would you care for some.
 
yes, i would.

oh, good afternoon, detective.

en,en

would you care to join us?

no thank you, i would be going

once again, good work
just send me your bill
good day

it sure looks nice outside

it does

oh, and Youhan comes as well

what a suprise, so Youhan's decided to visit.

Shuval has always been known as a distrustful man with sour disposition
who would have thought that he turned into such a good natured soul when he found his son
with that smile of his, who would have guessed that people still call him the Vampire of Bavaria 

what a suprise, so Youhan has decided to visit

how cute! so you try to track down this puppy?

what a job. my client told me her ex-husband basically dog-napped the little fellow

hhha, i guess disputes over pets can be just as bad as one's own kids.

you are right about that.

i think i'd have some wine, is that quite all right with you?

you go ahead, i will be sticking with this sparkling water.

i'm glad to hear you say that, i know works scarce at the moment.
but it's a good choice on your part, not cloud your life with alcohol 

i'm doing ok, at least on that account.

what do you mean?
are you say that something else in your life is bothering you?

well, i find that with all the free time i have now, i end up reharshing thing a lot 

such as?

i spend hours and hours pouring over this personal note book i have of unsolved crimes
cases i never solved as a detective

how interesting!
so tell me, when you looked at it, how did you feel?

i feel frustrated.
there were so many murder cases i wasn't able to solve.
it haunts me to think of those vicious killers still out there, walking around in our world. 
they are free, because of my incompetence, even now, i can't seem to catch them  

you are being too hard on youself.
you couldn't caught them, you had the skills to slove these cases.
but yourself, critical nature was impeding you, Rachard.
you get frustrated that you couldn't read these murders' minds and that cause your pain.

so i turn to alcohol

sure, of course, you did


gentlemen, dinner is servered

good ,it's time to eat.

actually, i think it would be in your best interest for you to keep trying