i would encourage you to keep looking at your old police notebook

but why?
i will just become angry again.

stop thinking that way.
you have to analyze what you did in the past in the new night.
your mind is clear now, that should help.
let's be frank with each other.
we both know that you've shot a young serial killer when you were drunk.
and i must say you are facing the reality of what happened in that night pobably
but now ,Ricahrd.
you face a far great challenge
facing your thoughts when you pull that trigger.
you are still haunted by that boy, you see him in your mind everyday, don't you?

yeah

when you brought everything to light, all those things festering under the surface.
that boy's ghost will finally move on.

i see, when i've brought everything to light.
the Homer murder case is a good place to start,
the victim, Vick Homer, had a long and steady career as an accountant
he was never involoved in anything shady, and had no enemies
and when he was murdered, there were no signs of a robbery
then there were those 2 voice of god cases, the victims were former house keeper and [---]
what connected to those 2 killers, was that the words i've heared the voice of god were left?
scrawled on the walls at both crime scenes.  
the [door-lock] company president case, [---] was one of the wealthiest businessmen in Bavaria
and his body was discoveried in the heart [---] forest
en, and then there is a spirit couple case. both were forcibly drowned and their bodys were washed up along the Isar river later on
this one is still being investigated as one of a string of murders involoving in middle aged couples
the material witness in that case disappeared, japanese doctor is still on the run.
oh, man

the more unsolved cases i have, the more boozes i drink.
then it felt good.
but it is different now
this is tough, it feels just like the doctor's said.
Sanmen Solmen, my mind is clear and i'm feeling calm.

hold on a second, come on, think
think hard, Ricahrd

so you try to do it again, so what was the result?

i did, i looked all my notes, and i thought something new, but then i ...

you saw that boy's ghost again, and once that happened ,you lost your train of thought, right?

hah

there is no need to worry.
when you have an important thought like that, sooner or later, it will come back to you

what was that i realized?
and the idea flashed through my mind, it felt like it was the key to solve one of those cases.

a? just my imagination

who's there?
show yourself!
whoever you are, i will catch you

this is like that time, way back
i was running after that punk, just like this, i chased him down an alley

a

sorry for coming here so later night, doctor

none of sense, if you think you've figured things out, you are ready to share them, go ahead then
tell me everything

back then, i feel myself looking deep with that killer.
that's when i knew it exists in this world
Veid was true evil, and once i saw it ,standing right there, in front of me
i shot him and killed him

that's good ,thank you for sharing, Ricahrd
by telling me this, you're well on the road to recovery.

there is still more, doctor.
it just came to me.

en?

that idea that flashed through my mind before.
all of those unsolved cases i have been working to solve separately
i realized that they are actually one single case.

a?

Greetings, my dear, doctor Guillen, i'm writing to thank you for sending me a copy of your recently 
published book, Transcendental Criminal Psychology
i find your book informative and a very interesting read.
and it pleases me to see that a student of mine from Dusseldorf University 
has now become a leading authority in the field of criminal psychology
now i have a question for you, regarding another matter.