you told me in a phone conversation that you conduct a [---] interview with a serial murder, Peter Yougens
after you spoke with him, you told me that Yougens claimed that his friend visits him and encourages him to murder the victims 
sadly, my memory is not what is used to be,so could you please tell me again
what was the name of Yougens' friend who be said told him to kill
i'd appreaciate that information has may an associated to mine.
PS. as i mentioned early you are quite a student in college, and [---] in my class
and you had a fellow colleague who is equally bright, you often compete with him for the best marks.
he graduated and became a nero-surgeon, at any rate, it seems that he's become a suspect in a multiple homecide case
with your expertise, i hope you could help get a good picture of who he is,
please tell me everything you might know about him.
what kind of person is he? and where do you think he may be right now, this doctor Tenma?

i remember you, you are the detective

well, i used to be. now, i'm a private inverstigator.
i'm sorry to show up [---] here at your door, mam.
and i hate to bring up the subject i know must be painful for you
but ,i'd appreaciate it if i can get ask some questions again.

of course, you can, it has been 4 years since i last said to the police.
it seems that they've done with that inverstigation.

Mr Shuval?

yes, i believe your mother was actually employed by him.
wasn't she once the house-kepper at the mansion?

she was, but she worked for Mr Shuval 20 years ago

she wasn't fired, so do you happen to know why she quit?

well, at that time, she became very ill.
and after her sickness, she only worked close to home in the neighbirhood

was that [---] could be she had some problems with Mr Shuval?

no, not at all.
they were actually quite good friends, she told me that she used to read poemtry to Mr Shuval when she was able to see
my mother just loved reading poems to him.
come along, i want to show you something.

look how generous he was to her
i've kept all of them, because it reminds me of my dear mother.
every one of those books are collection of poemtry that were gave to my mother as a thank you from Mr Shuval

how things change
the head detective in the door not company with president in the cases now, just a private eye
he worked as Mr Gul's chief business [---], a personally secretry
i ask you once again, did any one hold a [---] against him?

you mean did anyone hate him?
they are not enough hours in a day to count all the people who despise him.
in business, Mr Gul was such a [---] that he personally fromed some competion to go bankcrupt

but there was another powerful, well-known business man in the Babavia, wasn't there?
how about Mr Gul feel about him?

i take you mean Mr Shuval

hha, well, they are life-long rivals in business, but of course you know that, right?
they knew each other very well

a?

when Mr Gul was still alive, Shuval's company went bankcrupt 2 times
that second bankcrupt which was happen, Mr Gul undercut Shuval the price for the purpose of ruling him

so what you are saying is that MR Gul was conciously to crush him

Mr Shuval made certain [---] after serious losses too.

so they both hated each other?

of course, a few times that they happened to be in the same party, and looks could kill them
both of them could be dead.
they are very tense, and have explosed fires

like 2 vibers

but these neaches understand each other's every move.
only these 2 tycoons could talk each other on the same level
i never feel that they are emenies
this may sound weird, but they were really more like friends

careful out there.

oh, yeah, i knew Hans very well
poor Hans was one of those people that ended up in victims that awful voices god murder case.
that Han was a good guy, he deseved better

just what it is makes you say that Han was such a good guy?

he was nice, always treated me to drinks, one or two

generally, ha, i heared that Han used to work for Mr Shuvals as his driver

en, he told me that, but he worked as Mr Shuval's driver alomst 30 years ago

did Han say why he stop driving for Mr Shuval?

well, that was around the time Mr Shuval's company went bankcrupt

that was when he was fired, ha?
so Hans never said he and his boss didn't get along?

listen to me, what i'm about to say is to honor the memory of Hans
if there ever is a guy who can get along with anybody and everybody
it was hans, he was a price
even rich bastard, like that Vapire of Babavia, Shuval
he treated us, poor fellows, like kings
and Hans always said he was the one who talked to Shuval about the bad watching

he told him about the bad watching?

enha, Han said Shuval was more like a happy kid, that Vapire was taken to the forst 

it is hard to believe that it was 2 years ago
but whenever i think of my dear husband, i just can't understand why such a kind, wonderful man was being murdered
it is not fair, he died so horribly

you have my sympths
pardon my asking, i believe your husband grew up as 

orphan?
yes, he lived in a orphanage until he was 6.
that was different forst families until he was 18.
after that, he became a accounter

is it true that Mr Shuval, the business tynoon, asked your husband to be his cooperate accounter?

he did many times, but my husband always turned him down
my husband was quite busy with work at that time. 
but that wasn't why