he said Mr Shuval had a different satisfied principles
when it came to money, my hushand was very honest

again, thank you so much. i appreciate the help

my husband's killer, will he be caught?

i will try my best. if i can do it, i swear i will catch him.
well then
oh, one more thing

yes?

i forget to ask you if you knew how your husband and Mr Shuval first met each other.

oh, that, it seems that they met in the forest.

the forest?

they met in the forest, backward that Mr Shuval could still see.
it was a total coincidence

what were they doing in a place like that?

they were both there bird-watching.
after that, they went to the forest together all the time.

bird-watching, were like a happy kid.
read poetry to Mr Shuval, more like friends?

hey, budy, are you ok?

oh, yeah, i'm fine, thanks.

that Go was driving like an idoit.

from what i saw, look more like he was tring to run you over 

man, what a creep.

doctor Reg, i have re-examed all the evidences, and what i found out is supposed to what i told you before
some of the key murder cases that i wasn't able to solve.
all point to one killer having just one motive
there is the voice god murder case.
and the [--] company president murder case.
the accounter murder case.
look the three of them, they are all the extremely different.
the methods which they commit, for example.
and the victims were unreleated to each other.
none of them knew each other
however, i have discovered that all of them share one common bound.
there was a man who connected to all the victims
becase they knew him, they were all murdered.
everyone of them was killed to further isolate Mr Shuval.

en

there is also another connection in these cases
that's rather curious
the [--] company president case, 
his sectary said there was a certain young man who was supposed to meet with Mr Gll right before he was murdered
and the voice god cases, and i have heared the voice of god, this name, was [---] there by the murder
then there is the spirit couple murder case since both of them drown
that case seems unreleated to the others.
but the name of the killer gave by the japanese doctor who was the only one witnees in that case was the same
it was the same name in the every case

Youhan

a?

i've been touching with a former students of mine who is now an renowned criminal [scichology]
he interviewed the murder who cliamed he committed his crime on his friend's supports
in here, he wrote that friend's name.
and the name's in this letter, it's Youhan
Youhan is a common name, but based on what you have found, it's also prossible that all these cases could be releated.
if by chance, your findings are true
this Youhan has been insisting matically murdering people for the last 4 years
i can't help to wonder why this man who named Youhan is trying to fool Shuval into compeletely isolation

[---] enough, Mager Linger, the woman, who born Shuval's son, [convined] die as well

and there was that young student who was pretending to be Mr Shuval's son,
he convined to kill himself as soon as he made his claim.
if Youhan really does exist, i wonder where he is right now, perhaps he is close 

what a surprise! so Youhan decided to visit

o, Youhan, the weather is so beautiful

yes, isn't it, sir

Youhan is there, he is next to the Mr Shuval.