before the 2 of them arrived here, they only had each other, they were truly alone in this world.
they were found walking hand in hand near the border of Czechoslovakia.
just 2 of them, shivering all along in the cold.

i heard the conditions in the orphanages in the east germany were pretty terrible.

Not all orphanages were like 511 Kinderheim.

Inga, dear, the bathroom is in the other way, down the hall

it's all right, it's all right, there is nothing to be afraid of
now, you can go to the bathroom by yourself, can't you?

these poor children had never really felt the love of parent
in order to develop as a person, the only thing you need is love. 
the orphanages of the east side were truly horrible places for the children to grow up in.
everything is so impersonal, even this place was only known by the number 47.
you'd better believe we did everything we could do with our power
so that it couldn't be controlled by the government.
we weren't going to be another 511 Kinderheim.
it was a special orphanage controlled by the Ministry of Welfare and the Ministry of Interior
do you know what that means?

no

the reality was, it was the Ministry of Interior's pet project
East germany was using that place for experimentation on the children

3:25

experimentation?

they were running a project that would turn the children into perfect soliders
Mental reconstruction
twisting their minds for science

they made the children form infections to observe 
the aggression of fighting in the hate that resulted.

it was a experiment to claw every last bit of compassion out of those children and see what remained

can you imagine what kind of adults those children grow up to be?
and now, the problem is, there is no way to prove anything like that ever went on.
any type of data or secret records, all those doucuments were burnt before the wall fell
everyone who had anything at all to do with the project feld the country.

however, i've heard rumors of someone who remained.
he managed to clean his records, 
he stayed even though he was the last person in the world who deserved a second chance.
he was the man who was in charge of overseeing the abomination that was 511 Kinderheim. 
and even though, he was actually a pediatric psychiatrist, closely affiliated with the Ministry of Interior police.
the man's real title was that of district official with the Ministry of Welfare.

a district official of the Ministry of Welfare.

Inga, are you all done in the bathroom?
 
en,hei

sweet dreams, honey, all right?

goodnight

goodnight

they were careful to cover everything up,
especially after that incident.

incident? tell me, i need to know what exactly happened to the 511 Kinderheim

i have said to much already, such horrible memories

but i have to know, you must tell me what happen there, please.

where's my soccer ball?

a?

where is it? do you know where my soccer went to?

oh, here you go.
i have it right there

but you gotta hold up on soccer until you wounds heal, all right?
that man who brought you in here earlier said that he was going to pick you up soon.
you just get some rest until then, ok?

i don't know what really happened there, no one does.
the east german government at the time placed a strict gag order on the event.
it all began with the mysterious death of the director of 511 Kinderheim,
soon after, there was a power struggle among the instructors there as to who would succeed him