the place was thrown into anarchy. it was utter chaos, they couldn't even control the children.
it was everyman for himself.
it's a miracle John made it out of there alive

then what, what exactly happened to 511 Kinderheim?

everybody there died.

what?

all of the instructors and every last orphan except Jhon, those people massacred each other.

the world is not dark place, it's a lie, tomorrow will be a good day, i promise.

Diter, time to gather up your things, honey.

Excuse me, Mr Hartman, but, where are we going to go home now?

no, we're taking a little detour,

but i don't want to go back there.

no, no, i don't want to go

Diter, Diter, come on now , be a good boy

what do you mean?
i told you not to let Diter leave with anyone until i came back , didn't i?

but all i did was....

the person was the child's froster father.
and let me tell you, he was a very much gentelman, unlike you, obviously

look, i'm sorry, but that man...

i wouldn't worry, that boy seemed very happy to be going with him.

Diter

Diter, i'm here.

Diter?

they are not back yet.

Hartman's library

this photos were taken at different times, but they were all shot in the same location
so what am i looking at?

Jhon? who is the man in the photo next to him?

yes, that's it.
every single one of these photographes was taken in the 511 Kinderheim
it looks like they were taken over 10 years ago.

all of the instructors and every last orphan except John
those people massacred each other

Diter, could he be the other?

Diter
just hold on ,i'm coming

this child is blind to what i show him

Hartman

he can't see it, he can't even comprehend what John saw.
he is not like him
it's no good, it is failed again
this boy is no Jhon
every single one of them died here, did you know?

10 years ago, the instructors and the orphans, all 50 people died
Jhon sat here, just watching it all happen.
he just sat here, and watched everything
he didn't lift a finger, he just watched
i had to know his secret, so i asked Jhon what he've done?
and this was what he answered, 
he dropped a piece of oil soaked cloth into the fire, like this.
do you get it?
do you know what he meant by that?
"i simply added a bit of fuel to the hatred born when people come together. it was easy"

that was he told me, only 10 years old, and he said that.
and he did it with almost no effort at all.
he was able to make 50 people kill each other without even moving a finger.

it's you, it was you and your damn experiment that twisted Jhon into what he is.

so you think it was us?
i'm sorry, it wasn't us at all.
we didn't make it in that way, it was true that 511 Kinderheim was a experimental project,
specifically created to transform orphans into perfect soliders. 
thinking back it now, it really was only a little experiment
as for Jhon, he is no solider, not at all.
he was better, he was a natural born leader of man.
someone who was meant to stand at the very top of the world
there is no way we could have ever created such a work of heart