he is beyong the human from the begining, a valuable monster. 
Jhon made a prediction, he predicted that mankind would end up hating itself into believing him.
what do you think Jhon's go was?
do you want to know what he told me?
he said he want to be the last person who lives in this world.
he did.

my poor Diter, the future is dark, you must try hard to become more like Jhon.
it's a pity, why are you such a failure.
why can't you be more like Jhon?
tell me, why?

drop the gun, or i'll shot
don't you land a finger on him, Harman.

get out of here.
this is our problem, it's no your business.
just leave

Diter, come down from there

sorry, doctor Tenma, that's right.
you're wanting more about Jhon.
what are you planning to do when you know more?
when you find Jhon, are you going to kill him?
that's impossible.
don't look so mad.
i'm going to let you know a little secret.
but in exchange, when you hear it, you must leave here immediately, and never come back.

you should search out a general wolf, use the one who first discover Jhon and his abilities
i'm sure he is alive somewhere.

so he is the man in the photograph, the one you're studying, he is general wolf standing next to Jhon

he is the one who brought Jhon to us.
he should be able to tell you something.
now, keep going.

Diter, you can come with me or stay here. but you have to dicide for yourself.
There is nothing to worry about, if Harman does anything to try stopping you ,i'll shot hime

hahah

Diter ,the choice is on your own, nobody else can make it for you.

hahhahha

go ahead, tell the doctor, there is no way you would leave me, now, would you?
you can't live without me
because you are my child.
now ,you see how it is, doctor Tenma
you can leave

where are you going?

it's all right, it's ok
that's good, nice and soil

Diter, come here, my little Diter
you really think you can leave without me
no Diter

don't move, or i'll shot, Harman

i'd love you so much, Diter

the world is dark, the future is bling.

it's not true, Tenma told me, tomorrow will be a good day 

Diter, he is wrong, 

be brave, Diter
Don't be afraid

Diter, Diter.....

get on the bus here and take it to the [---] street. you get that?

the orphanage's there by the bus stop.
when you get there, i want you to give this letter to AmaTais 
she runs the orphanage, i know she may look scare, but she is a nice lady.
be a good boy, ok?
i can't stay in this town anymore
so i guess this is a goodbye.
the bus will not be a long in a few minutes
take care, Diter
take up the soccer pratice

i'm sorry, you can't come with me
Deter, i'm telling you, don't come with me, i'm serious, ok?

you can't come with me, Diter.