please, help me escape, i have to warn other [residents], my baby will die too.
i've already heard them talking, they are going to burn it all down tommorow night
they are going to destory the Turish part of town,
help me, please help me
they are going to die if i don't warn them

hey, kid, where the hell are you going?
come on. give me a break.
leave that rug in the town, it is a completely waste.
that guy doesn't know its worth.
how many times should i get to tell you, stop looking at me like that.

slimeball

yes, if i care, don't come cring to me when you're starving.
i'm living like a king
and if you tell anybody about this, you are going to pay for it.
you got that?

who'd want be a friend with a dirty thief like him anyway.
i don't need him.

i'm so hungry right now.

there, there, don't cry, be a good boy, momy's coming back soon, i promise.

what's wrong, doesn't he has a mom?

of course, he does.
what about you? what are you doing, sitting here alone?
you should go home to your mom.

wait a second, you don't have a mom to go home too.

hey, i'm sorry, if what i said hurt your feelings, kid.

it's all right, i have got Tenma.

Tenma?

eat as much as you want, it is nothing special, but don't feel like you hold your back.
so you're just sitting on these steps, waiting for that Tenma guy to come back and get you,en?
that little guy is waiting too.

where is his mom?
why did she leave, where did she go?

a bunch of bad guys came and took her away.

we got to save her.

it's just so dangerous out there, an Asian man i met, so he was going to try and help her
but then he got a hit by a car right in front of me.

an asian man?

wait, you said Tenma was japanese, didn't you?
but there is no way could be the same person, could it?

where are they? i have to help them.

the man who hired me, he was a for [hitick], cooling and [statick]
after he beat me, i left
but i forgot my [s--], so i had to go back.
that's when i heard they were talking on the phone
i heard them saying they are going to burn the entire town tommorow.
i ran away as fast as i could to warn everyone about the fire, bu they got me.
please you must help me.
my baby, i don't want my baby to die.
please you must help me.

who is it?

professor Gitler says ask me to bring you some food

thank you very much.

the professor also ask me to deliver a message.
Gernal Wolf could be here shortly and would like to meet with you.

you mean the man in the photograh with my brother?

that's right.
Gernal Wolf is the person who knows Youhan better than anyone.
probably even more than you do, even though you're his twin sister.
that was professor Gitler said

you don't go die immediately yet.
Gernal Wolf is going to be here in any minute
and i want him to see what a wonderful job i've done
i've captured you in alive.

Wolf, you say?

that's Gernal to you, do you understand?

"you should search out the Gernal Wolf, he was the one who first discover Youhan and his abilities."

receiving praises from General Wolf is an absolute dream come true for anyone

excuse me, sir, we've assembled our members in the arson teams, ready to set fire to the Turkish quarter.
should we continue with the plan as scheduled?

yes, proceed with the itinerary.