yes, proceed with the [itertery--].
i'm looking for a dinner with a view of beautiful crime of sky. 
we sure everything stays on schedule, otherwise, my perfect dinner will be ruined
until then, if anything goes wrong, forgivness, we come to very high price.

yes, sir

he won't do it, Youhan isn't going [---] you .
you will never be able to convince Youhan to [---] orignasition, are you out of your mind?
Youhan doesn't share your simple minded views on [---] purity.
he isn't just ignorant big like all of you 
he is different, don't you see?
he looks down on all humanity.

Silence...

well, well. what we have here.

hey, give this gentleman a drink on me, i'm thank on usual.

right away.

damn,well

not bad for a littele guy

that kid's going to be serious trouble when he grows up

that was disgusting, how can they drink that stuff.
this is Tenma's jacket.
Tenma?
Tenma, where are you?
Tenma?

everything will be all right, just calm down
i want to get you out of here, but i can't do anything right now
i'm going to [snik] out of here, and warn everybody in your neighbourhood, i promise you.

thank you

tell me, what's the name of the street.

it's Kevin street

Kevin street, and what's your name?

my name is Ash.

Ash, i don't want you to worry about everything, ok?
i promise you your baby is going to be just fine, ok?
i'm going to save you too.
hang in there

mercy you
oh, if forget to ask your name.

Lina, when this is over, i hope we can understand each other better.

Lina, i've had so many bad thing happened to me since i came to German
you're the first good person i've met.
we're friends, is that right?

en, Ash, i've forget to ask you what's the baby's name?
hey, Ash
are you there?
what's happening?
leave her alone.
Ash...

tell me, is the man sitting in that chair, doctor Tenma?

yes, it is.
and i captured him in my very [---] hands
so, where is the Gernal Wolf?

Gernal Wolf is waiting, we will be taking the doctor to him

en? what? no, wait, what do you mean?
but i want to show Gernal Wolf my praise catching, then finish him myself.

so what do you want me to do with this kid?

i found him walking aroud down stairs , looking for Tenma.

oh, is a friend of yours?

no, of course not, that child has nothing to do with this, just let him go

you don't really excepte me take a few theif street like this to the Gernal Wolf, don't you?  

dispose of him.

he is just a boy.

you heard me, finish him off, go ahead.
get the little prat ready, he bothers me.

yes, sir.

stop, no.

you are not one of my man.