my apologizes, doctor
please forgive us for the rude treatment that you received
it's very important to Gernal Wolf that you will be treated as a guest.

poor Ash.

please, help me escape, i have to warn other [---], my baby will die too.

we're friends, isn't that right?

yes, Ash, we're friends.

what happened here?

professor, Kidlet.

every body is dead

we should be arriving at General Wolf's mansion momentarily, doctor Tenma

tell me, is Lina going to be there?

yes, you can rest shoulder

she is also considered to be a special guest to the Gernal Wolf

what about the Turish lady, the baby's mom?

i don't know, we don't know anything at all, we simply follow orders, and nothing else

we have got to go back to town, Kevin street is going to burn tonight, we've got to go back
we have to let them know, or the lady who got me meal tonight, and the baby are going to die
they are all going to die.

be that as it may, young man.
i can't let you go.
we must take you to the Gernal wolf's mansion.

pull over now
oh, right.

think you can make to the Turish quarter on your own
i will be there soon
but right now, it is important that i go with that man.

but i...

you can do it, i know you can
if you go right now, you will be able to save everyone on Kevin street
go on, hurry.

en...

form here, you should be able to get to the city in 30 minutes.

i appologize, but i have to do that.
i had no choice.

now, i know you trust me enough to give back my gun.
and i've just broken that trust.
but didn't seem you are going to stop otherwise. 

it's fine
i'm sure Gernal Wolf will be pleased to know you don't just carry a gun around for show
and not afraid to use it when you need it.

if you pleased to follow me

where is Lina, i want to see her.
she is here, isn't she?

patients, before we do anything else, we must see Gernal Wolf and professor Gitlers

i just want to know myself that she is safe.

professor Gitler's dead
and it is not just Gitlers, all of his man have also been killed.

we disposed of the bodys, everything has been taken cared of.

what about Lina?

when we first arrive with Gernal wolf, we search the entire mansion
she's no where to be found.

you're doctor Tenma, correct? 

wait? do i know you?

you wouldn't recognize me, even if you saw my face.

i don't recognize me, but people call me Wolf

Wolf? that means it was you, you don't look anything like the picture from ten years ago 

that's because fear had eaten you

sir, please hurry, can you go any faster?

you're crazy, i'm pushing to 100 year

there is no way, that speedometer must be broken

there is no way i'm gonna make it in time.