i think people's name are very interesting, mysterious even
all the places i have been through out of my life, every body has referred to me as wolf
on the other hand, every time i have encounted on someone new, i must tell them my name is wolf.
i wonder how could they really know it is me
what's the to-prove i'm really the wolf

you are the one who found Youhan in this system, isn't right?

i did, it happened 12 years ago.

and that's when he was sent into 511 Kinderheim
they were going to turn him into the super solider, weren't they?
but you have big plans for him

that's correct, he was supposed to be a country savior before the [----] fall

and now you are trying to make sure he becomes the next Hilter
so he can lead the [--] natural, isn't that your plan?

hhahahaha

at the moment, i'm only buy this orgnisation, because it benefits me
i did here, the others are trying to make him into another Hilter.
i think it's a stupid idea

Image, if a man like Hilter was able to take things as far as he did
Youhan could do more.
yes, i was the one who gave him the name Youhan
we found the twins wandering near the check border
they had managed to [---] the heavy ecurity patrol somehow
they would dead on their feet.
now there is to the all most frozen death
when we finally arrived, the 2 of them were simply [collapse], they both would had perished.
if we hadn't found them when we did,
i, too, know what it is like to save Youhan's life
when he became consciousness, i ask him a simple question 
"how do you feel?" i ask, and do you know what he reply was?
and he said," you will know very soon"
and now there is no more prove i'm really Wolf.
all the people who know me have disappeared, my wife, children, siblings, relatives, friends, everybody from my life
he's dead, all of them died, one by one, i have Youhan to think for that
the money i broght with me back for me [to] Germany is the only prove i am, there my name was wolf
because of Youhan, i'm a stranger to all.

you will know very soon
now i understand what he mean "lonelyness"
come and look at this

come to the abandoned well-house and 

Youhan was here this morning.
he came there to slaught Gilter and his man.
he and another person who know me has been murdered.

i image Lina must have seen this, and gone there to look for him.
please kill him, i beg of you.

calm down, kid, what are you talking about

Kevin street is going to burn down tonight, we should be hurry and tell everyone.

hahha ,i can't believe this. 
this is amazing, it must be my lucky day.
this is great, now i can grab the rug during the fire.
what a score.

how can you think that way?

keep you down, you little brat.
if you tell anyone about this, i swear i...

hey, let me go.

listen,kid ,i'm not just talking about all those Turkish, ok?
right way to know who will dead

one more question, was a Turkish woman hold as a hostage there?

we found a dead woman on the third floor
based on what we saw, i don't think Youhan killed her
look like it was the work of professor Gilter's man

well, General wolf, do you think you are able to kill Youhan?

i don't know, however, he still has time, maybe able to

what's this supposed to mean?