how many times do you plan on coming here?
you can ask me until you blow in the face
i'm always going to tell you the same thing.

look, councilman Herman didn't have sex with that woman, that prositute.
this is better be your last visit.
i would hate to have to take action agaist you.

take action?
are you going to sue for deformation?
no, you wouldn't dare
you were secretary, you wouldn't want councilman Bonsman's name to come up with
a case like this. 

inspector, are you threating me?

no, of course not, i simply want to know the truth of the matter,
that's all.

2:03

i know you works for the hot-shot politician.
but, man, that guys aren't going to give inch.

no, who come around?

Bonsman's got pretty good thing-goning here,
why risked of some random prositute?

the victim was no ordinary prositute 
her names of the council politician and businessman retrace back to her.

well, yeah, but there is only one person who claims to see them both in the same hotel
just because they stay at the same hotel doesn't make [maja] 

have you decoded her client list for me?

actually, we are still working on crypting that code, it is lot of tough than we thought. 

i will do it myself, just give me the desk.

Great, but don't you already have a bunch of other cases on your plate

it doesn't matter, give it to me.

there is something i have been meant to ask you for a while.

what is it?

well, how do you find time to sleep.

what does that have to do with the case?

ah?

it's an irrelevant question, detective.

well, have you got a chance to tell him?

it doesn't matter when we tell him.
he doesn't listen, he stopped listening to me a long time ago.

i know, but the sooner you tell him, the better.

keep it down, you've been too loud.

he is here, you know, working in his office.

yeah. i wonder why.

Damn it, are you still try to connect councilman Bonsman
to the murder of that prositute, Longgai?

is there a problem with that, chief?

yes, there is a problem with that 
i'm getting all sorts of grief from the Ministry of the Interior

you're just going to have to smooth things out like you usually do.

no, i can't unburn anymore bridges for you.
it's too big.

do whatever you can, chief.

give me a break, Longgai, you're good, but you're only human,
sometimes you're gonna be wrong.    

are you going to risk your entire carrer on the dead hooker?
come on, did you need another feather in your cap?
oh, god, don't tell me you are doing this for the pricable of the thing.

fame, justice, i'm not interested in either

a.

all i know is a woman was murdered in cold blood.
i'm just interested in finding the killer, nothing else matter to me.

Longgai.

Excuse me, inspector, you have a visitor.

got it
i managed to figure out the encryption that she was using.
use this formula to get all the names on the client list.

oh
that woman is here again, sir.

you know the one, Eve Hideman.

hey, you can't just come back here, we've been over this before.

when will Tenma be arrested, you have all you need.

it seems you've been drinking quite a bit this morning

well, of course, i've been drinking.

just as you know, i've already figured out the case regarding Doctor Tenma 

a?

he insisted that everything is the work of a man, called Yohan. 
but this Yohan is just another personality with in Tenma's mind.
if you think about it with this hypothesis, what seemed a logical now makes sense.
all we have to do at this point is just to wait for the police to capture him.

so that means it's not your problem once you got an arrest warrant,
is that what you say.

there are a lot of things i would like to ask him when we finally meet.
Doctor Tenma, what a interesting individual he is