however i have many other cases piling up on my desk as we speak, if you excuse me.

don't you people ever let up, i told you councilman Bounsman has an alibi for that night.

an alibi? of course he did, the murder was a professional

i'm sorry. are you honestly suggesting that my employer hired a hitman to kill that girl?
ridiculous.

i have cracked the code on the list of clients of the woman who was killed.
councilman Bounsman's name was on that list.

you know, even if that were the case , it still doesn't prove that he had her killed.

right, come to think of it, that's as far as we've gotten.

i'm sure you will be in touch.
now ,leave.

we were dead in the water without a smoking gun. wouldn't you say?

are you familiar with the publishing house, called Sherhorn?

they are not a major company, but they stay in business by publishing [tell all] books on famous people.
like politicians, they are known to play very dirty.
they hire unscrupulous woman to build relationship with famous man,
in order to create scandals to write about.
if i were you, i watch out for people like that.

check and mate, you should have seen it.

it's great, Bounsman's guy just stared at him, just like "what "
Longgai is unbelievable, there is i can tell, only he does is work

he is a robot, i'm telling you

yeah, i hear you, the guy barely seems human to me

oh, right, speaking of checking me, there it is.

what the hell, hey, no nobody [---] into the game, buddy.

you shouldn't waste your times with mind numbing games, it seems after a simple little threat.
the president of the other publishing company choose to confess, write a report.

right away
yes,sir

here, what do you thinking you are looking at?
it's the Call girls notebook, it records the date and time, other details of encounters with certain client
i can't really tell you the man's name.
he is only referred to here by the initial be.
not to mention, Sherhorn publishing also made arrangements with woman to release their autobiography.
interesting, don't you think?
oh, btw, have you ever been contacted with a man named Yangken?
you may be aware that he is a perofesional hitman.

i want you to leave, you get the hell out of here, now.

we are moving out, both of us , right now.
level with me, you never even noticed that i was pregnant, not even now, did you?
are you going to the man who father to the child?

what are you care? i bet you didn't notice i was having an affair with another man, did you?

yes.

inspector, it's me, Bounsman's secretary
look, i tell you everything, but you need to get over here, right now
please.

understood.

i have to go, we can talk about this later

inspector

what just happened here?

the secretary, he came to suicide

councilman Bounsman is an innocent man
by much of the suicide notebook that is all we got.

Longgai, i'm handing this one over to inspector Longsji
i'm giving him the right to no parking gallon murder cases too

given what happened, i think this is for the best

so then, what am i supposed to do now?

get your head together, then we talk about the work.

well, doctor Tenma, it seems there is nothing left to distract me

en, sorry, inspector, you have a visitor.
it's Eva Hinman.
i could tell her to come back another day, if , you know.

no, show her in.