i have a great [s--day], Eva

how long until next time?

not sure, babe.
Maybe when i return for my next business trip

oh, wouldn't want to give you back to your wife, come on stay

all right , i will give you a call.

no ,you won't be coming back.
not after getting in trouble for that perfume handkerchief that i carefully placed in your suitcase.
you stupid bastard.

your envy is dropping again, won't you?
you must see all the different man i am with, isn't that right?

en, no.

oh, what then, you want to join in the fun, is that it?

no, of course not.

you prevert?

no ,you're wrong, i mean i just...

i forget how nice it is.
it's beautiful, i really love this garden,
looking at all these greenery helps me to forget about the distasteful things out there.

wow, well, i'm so glad you like it,
i'm going to plant some mosses here, and over there i'm planning to put an arch for your roses,
when someone gets here, it's going to be beautiful

i'm wondering if maybe someone like you could up to the test
so what do you think?
do you think you can make me happy?

Dad, hey, dad, are you listening to me? Dad?

oh, how is my cooking today?
am i getting any better?

you haven't heard a single word i said, have you, dad?
how could you always daydreaming, i bet that's why mom went for the other man.
oh, i'm sorry.

it's fine, really.

Actually, Cana?

yeah?

if Dady found someone he really liked.

en?

no, forget it, it's nothing, my cooking is pretty awful, right?
come on, tell the truth.

it's not so bad

i see, not bad, ha...

sorry for the trouble, you're gardener, but i ask you to do all these jobs.

no problem.

my handyman kept asking for time off and then quit.

i'll do everything i can to help.

so, how about dinner tonight?

oh, well, ok.

why are you nervous?

well, i'm not used to expensive restaurants like this.

if you want to be a man [worth] my company, you must be confident wherever you go.
just pretend you are working in my garden right now.

yes, that's right.
i do feel pretty confident when i'm out there working on something new in yard.
i feel so satisfied when the garden truns out the way i vision it.
i just love being out there, you know.
people who like gardens can't be all that bad.
and you did say you like that garden the other day.

are you trying to say that i'm a good person.

yeah, of course.

but, you...

well, go on

you seem, you know, kind of lonely.

i'm not the only one, i'm guessing you're lonely too.

i'm sorry, my daughter's probably worried about me, so i should keep going.

Kenzu, kenzu, kenzu...

it's almost Christmas, Cana.

you should tell Santa, he doesn't have to come this year.

hey, come on, sweetie.
don't say thing like that.

Dad, celebrating Christmas just 2 of us, sounds lonely
let's not do anything, ok?

yeah, well, it might not just be 2 of us celebrating this year, you know.

the man you're looking at in those photographs ruined my life.

sorry, i was just cleaning up.

his name is Kenzu Tenma.
his is my ex-fiance

you're drinking again at this time of day.

well, of course, i'm drinking.
i just went to see the inspector Longai of the BKA
can you believe that useless inconfident inspector sent me away.
all i want to know was when they're goning to arrest Kenma.

The BKA, arrest.

he killed my father, and then ran away
oh, he says he is innocent, but he is not fooling anybody.
my future should have been gilded in gold, the daughter of the director of a large hospital.
my 3 divorces, everything is his fault.
and he blames the murder on Youhan
this is Youhan with my father,
do you think this child could kill anyone?

is that really what Tenma told you?

it's utter nonsense.

have you ever showed this photograph to the police?

of course not, why would i?

i don't know, it could be important evidence, maybe.

Tenma's the one who did it.
like Longai says, he has a split personality ,damn it.

then, tell me, why did you still keep framed pictures of him like this around the house years later
i figure you deep down you think Tenma is innocent
you still have feelings for him.

you watch too many soap operas

out of all the man i have ever met, Kenzu satisfied the most my requirements
his position suited me.
he was an elite neurosurgeon who many considered a genius
besides, he spoiled me, and best of all, he never contradicted me.
he just listen to my every single request, yes... yes... 
he was the man who always said yes to me.
that man could made me the happiest person in the world
do you undertand what i'm saying?

do you think i would ever be able to fill his shoes?
i'll be willing to tend your garden for the rest of my life.
if that help to ease your pain any.

so flatter yourself, just because i slept with you once.
you're just something of past ime  
i was boreD, that's all.
i was playing with you, and you fell for it.
you fool, who do you think you are.

Eva , you are truly a sad and lonely person.

so are you.

on Christmas day, i'm having a party in my house with my daughter, you're welcomed to join us.

wow, dad, everything looks delicious, did you really make these all by yourself.

yep, i can guarantee it will be good.

but isn't this way to much to the 2 of us?

do you think so?

mom is coming for Christmas.
i'm right, ain't i?
well, ain't i,dad?

Cana

it's mom, she is home.

Shaw? Shaw lotte?

Mammy

i'm so sorry to here, i'm sorry.

who cares about the mosses, or about the roses, or beautiful gardens, or these whole damn state.
none of it mean anything to me now
just let it burn

welcome back

so inspector Longai, you finally decide to listen to me

i had some time open up, that's all.

this man is my only hope, i must see to it better his life is ruined
or i can never be happy again