you are an unfamiliar face
get yourself a permit if you're looking for doing business here
least thing i need is an unlicense hooker

can i make some cash when you ego

yeah, good luck with that.

i just have permission form him, don't i?
let me meet him.

sorry, i have got no idea what you are mean.

i will come back until i meet him.
until i meet the "baby".

2:13
you can't catch the ball with your hands like that, you are not the goal keeper.

who [---] it? who died make you rare?

where the hell he could do go?

where did he go?

Tenma, duming, Tenma.

he told me to stay with you for a while.
because he found the man he was looking for.
that's all

that's all?

who leave a kid to someone like me?
damn, no way in hell.
thanks a lot, Tenma. i have to be a babysit, i hate kids.
first, he drops off the face of the year, then settle me with some milk and bread.
me and him have an agreement, doesn't that mean anything more?
what the hell kind of doctor doesn't want to make some easy money?

here

bang...

wow, nice head.

son of...
do i look i'm ready for you?

hey, remember what i said, you can't use your hands, that's a yellow card.

i'm throwing listening to try you mention the rule one more time

you keep talking like that, you'll get a red card.

shut up.

why the hell are you so late?

hurry up, give me the stuff.
give me the stuff, now.

long time no see, detective Msla.

Doctor Tenma, but...

that's right. that's exactly what you call me back when we first met
before i even get around to tell you what my ocurption was
but that was a long time ago.
my days of medicine is over.
but i suppose that you're no longer detective
Detective is suspended on the [custody] he charges
this article really came a shock when i read it 6 months ago.

don't even thinking about running away
i have a gun trigged on under my jacket.


all right, what do you want with me?

i need answers, what happened in Heideburg almost about a year ago.
who is behind it all? who ordered you to do such a terrible thing?

i don't know anything.
you killed Fortes and Mr Morse from the post.

it wasn't me who did it.
i was hide to look out, that's all.
my partner Muel, he did it, he killed all of them.

Detective Muel also left the force soon after the murders

yeah, he did.
i heard he is very well-off, turns out he is doing well with his money.

you, on the other hand, were wasting your money on your drug habit.
that sounded about right?

he was the one who took on the job.
and he was the one who committed the murders
he ended up getting a large proportion of reward.


   































