please tell me, what on earth are you, doctor Tenma
you get my name wrong, i'm not Ana, i'm Lina.

no, but that wasn't your name back when you were brought to my hospital,
you were Ana, and your brother, your brother's name is Youhan

my brother

Youhan, Ana, my brother....

Mr Fortel, Mr [MORAN], 

it's me, doctor Tenma. Ana, i mean, Lina, she is safe. she is here with me.
Mr [MORAN]

all right, you go on and i will call them myself.

It doesn't look like the police have ever came.
oh, my god.

live, please, come back ,you must live.
please, i'm begging you, please.
Mr [MORAN], you don't have to quit somking any more, Mr [MORAN].

I killed him, back then, i killed him, at [---]
 
kill...

i know i killed him, i did, i killed him, 
oh, my [---], i know i'm sure i kill my brother.
 
it was me, i was the one who broght your brother back to live.

it's dead, the phone line has been cut. we get out of here, he will come back for you.

you're ok, in there?

a? 

we were the police,someone called earlier, is there any trouble?

if you don't mind, sir. we'll just have a quick look around.

good lord ,this is horrible, you 2 are all right? are you injured or hurt?

that's a relif, backup should arrived very soon, they will take care of the crime scene,
and we will take you over to the headquarters for questioning, so we can file a report on this.

so,are you the daughter of the victims?
i'm sorry for your loss.

i'm assuming neither of you saw the intruder there then

to think something like that could happen in such a peaceful town

Pardon my asking,sir. where did you come from, are you Chinese?

no, sir. i'm Japanses. My name is Tenma.

ok, you're Japanese, yeah
well, seems to me you're quite away from home then, aren't you?

you're all right now, it is gonna be ok. 

sorry, but can you tell me where we are headed off, sir?

the police station, remember?

but ,wait, i don't understand, the Heidelberg police station is in town.

yeah, but we're from the station in Menhand, the next town over.

why? why are they taking us so far?

yeah, we're almost there, just another 15m to sail.

ok.

he said they got a call, they came because they got a call, but who could called?
the phone was dead. There were no sirens when they first came, then they took us away
before making sure the backup arrived at the scene, but those badges, those badges did look real,

Blood ,no way, it can't be. could these man have...

Excuse me, 

police check point

thank goodness.

we're searching a hit and run suspect, please be alert.

Excuse me.

it's you.

well, isn't it dective Mr[---] and Mr [----]?

goodevening, do you ,gentlmen

are you 2 on your way back to the station?

waht's going on?

i'm sure we'll get him banged up soon enough.

yeah, we really give us rides and work out. 

Excuse me, detetive, she's not feeling so well back here, can she get some fresh air for a minute?

oh, sure, you go ahead.

see ,the detective, what's up? are these 2 in some kind of trouble?

trouble? not at all, it's nothing, don't worry

what's going on here? they seem like the real detectives, but what about that boold?
who could call them? the sirens weren't even on. what should we do?what?

hey, what's wrong ,doctor Tenma, are you 2 ok?

oh, how did you know who i am, i gave you my name, but i never tell you, not once that i'm a doctor.
tell me, how did you know that?

i found a grocery store nearby, i also get you some dry clothes.
there is bread, sausage and cheese, [---] this thermostat and hot coffee too

you probably don't have much appetite, but you really should eat.

you're shvering, you should change out of those wet closes

a lot of people were dead, my brother and i , we were walking,
it was like we were all alone in the world.

where were you when all this happened? can you remember anything else?

we crossed the board, uncle and aunty helped us, they were so kind to us,
and my brother said "i have a good plan"

soon after that, my uncle and my dear aunty were both dead, 
anyone who has a good to us, died, without fail, all of them
