but then one day, one day, i discovered the reason why
that raining day.

you are talking about the incident about the Mr and Mrs Libert

my brother did it, he shot them, my brother, he murdered them.
he is one who did all these.my brother murdered them all.
so i picked up the gun with both my hands and then i, i aimed right at my brother,
that's when he said, he's smiling, "after you shot me, make sure that you throw the gun out of the window"
and he told me to aim at his head. so i shot him like he said.
i aim for his head like he told me. why did you save him?

if you hadn't save him, mom and dad would still be alive, he wouldn't kill them.

why did you have to save him?

stay here, i'm going to the police, if those detectives last night were real,
it means that some members of police force are linked to [YouHan], 
if so, we can't just wait here like this.

Lina, i need you to listen to me. i know the [Youhan] is going to come after you.
if anyone comes looking for you, just hide.
why don't you have some food, drink some hot coffee, and try to get couple of hour for rest
once upon a time, that's how i get though all of these.
you're alive, you must think about the future, your future.

was there a clue left by the killer?
is there any conection that the serial murder through out the Germany?

chief,chief, one question, just one more question.

like i said, we're doing everthing we can to inverstigate this case, but i can't make any comments
talking about details.

the victims, Mr Fotel, had a daughter, are you able to tell us where she is this time or she is assumed as dead as well

we're trying to figure out her where-about.

why was that the newspaper reporter with them, Mr [Maron].

who was that japanese man? who was said he'd been with them.

Japanese, who is he, he sounds suspecious.

quick question, chief, is this murder all related to the one took place in Heidelberg castle around the same time .

Heidelberg castle, so he was killed too.

that's all for now. we will release additional details in due time.

Excuse me,please, let me through

Excuse me, sir.

of course, we appreciated all the supports we're getting from Menhi, like detective [----] and [----]
thank you both for coming out this afternoon.

we're at your disposal to aid in the inverstigation, anything we can do to help

so how are thing coming along, sir?

please come inside, that we are able to speak free.

they were real, those guys were with the police, they are actual cops. what should i do?

hello, Heidelberg Post, what? i can't hear you, we're really busy in here.
ah? who did you say you are?
hold on, keep it down, you guys, seriously, i'm on the damn phone.
what did you say?

i'm bringing an important witness to your office, five o'clock.
but you must not tell the police.

are you for real, this better is not a prank, hello.

if i cann't trust the police, then the newspaper is my only option, only they can help Lina now.

Mr [Moran]

i'm sorry, but you just cann't come in here without a permission.

he's right, besides, the BKA is only working on the serial murders of middle aged couples 

all that you're going to find in this room is metrials for the Heidelberg castle, inspector, [LongGai]

sir?

please forgive me, i was just being curious.

but the cirme inverstigation in this one happened at the same time, detective,i mean, it couldn't be the same murder.

so, i see, it appears this man had been tied up.
you didn't happen to find a rope or anything nearby, did you?

no, seems the body had already been untied by the time the police arrived at the scene.

I see, yes.

there're 4 possible routes of escape from the scene, he also have to stay well out of sight
how crowd was the area where he come out? and how much light was there?

ah?

here it is.

Lina, it's me , Tenma ,i'm back.
Lina,you can come out now, it's all right, Lina
oh, no.
Lina,Lina, where are you? Lina

he came for you,didn't he? Lina

I never should left her all alone.

doctor ,tenma, i don't blame you for saving my brothert's life anymore.
you did what you have to do as a doctor.
it wasn't you fault, please eat these sandwiches. and get some rest,
please live on, and continue to save as many people as you're able to, Lina Fortel

Lina, what do you plan to do?
are you goning to kill you brother second time.
i did it,i broght him back to live, that monster,it was me. i broght him back to life