you saw Youhan, guess so, i have to kill you.

guess there was something i was not supposed to say.
i'm thinking it was that sweet brown boy i saw in Dorsodorfor 1 year ago
because i've seen Youhan, this is how it ends up.
that's how it works with you?
it was dark and rainy when i heard those 3 shots
i was there alone and got scared, so i ran away
at that time, i was pretty certain it was Tenma who've been shot dead
but next day, there was the big article in the newspaper saying that man named Yeks have been found dead in the same location that have been shot 3 times.
so that boy did it, didn't he?
my wondering think pull that trigger.
if you kill me, you will never get what you want.
that photograh you've been looking for.
the one of Youhan is a young boy.
let me tell you what will happen if you do decide to kill me
if i die, i've arranged for that photo you want so much to be delivered directly to the BKA
if you want to see that photograh, you need to tell me exactly where Tenma can be found.

just what is so funny?

your whole body is quivering.
you talk tough, but your legs shaked so hard that you can bearly stand.

you really do amuse me.

i tell you where he is.

so what is Tenma upto now?

he is still working as a doctor, but our friend is down on the ground

where is he?

as these old guy in [hangover--] who was the number 2 man in the certain organise crime family.
this guy's boss freak out and put out a head on him, but the job get buched.
the guy get shot up, but he did't die,
so Tenma is at this remote apline state, patching him up
it's up on the mountain near Fushen

excuse me, but why are you stand there like that?

Hey, Mr, it's time for lunch.

why in the world are we eating outside?

i just thought, the weather looks so nice this afternoon.
why not make our routine eat outside?

well, have a lunch out here.

Diter, go ahead and get plate out here

ok.

all your wounds are healing nicely.
this fresh air will do you good.

i have to say, doctor.
if you haven't been there, i doublt i would make it
that country clinic was pathetic, with mouthful skills you possess allow you to save my life.

maybe, the one bullet just [squess--] your head, and the other went into leg and pass through clearly
just be thankful, it didn't catch your [---] artitary.
to be honest, you are quiet lucky.

lucky? en?

all right, guys, lunch served 

that smells good, Aik.

it's surprise, isn't it. it tastes delicious
Aik may look like a pick pocket, but actually he is quiet a cheif, don't you agree?

hey, what the hell do you mean by that?

this my friends, chicken [---]
the key to the dishes is the sauce,
you just have to get it right.
it's base of the recipe for the 3 french restaurant, called [---]

Aik knows how to make it, [---] taste.

i won't like you, can't apperiate the [---] cusize.

you know, this would taste even better with the dish [saust--]

[sauisaus--]
not that again, you put [---] on everything, i give up.

now, this is dinning.
when you sit down to eat these, how it should be?
what a waste, all my life.
everything i did was to make money 
but while i was earning those millions, i lost things much more valuable
both of my parents, and my only brother dishonested me
even my son and wife were murdered,
i always want to live peafully, and die like a doll right now

money can really change the way people act, allow me to share a good example with you.