hey, honey, could i introduce you this 

oh, thank you, Mikle.

my pleasure, and for you, a big glass of juice on the rocks

come on, Frand. now, be polite and thank your father.

thanks, Mr. Miler.

stop Frand.

leave him be, Babala
it wasn't build in a day.

it is the same deal with my new [--] business
rough start, and then smooth sailing

well, for me, everything's really happened so quickly
i suddenly get to live in this gorgious house, 
and have a wonderful and caring  husband who makes me great cocktails

hey, honey, did you see something just there?

en?

there, in the window.
i get this feelings sometimes like we've been watched

what, honey, that houses have been emptyed for a while

yeah, i know, that is odd.

actually, i talk to Mrs. Fortree from accross the street

what about?

she said that 20 years ago, a couple was brutly murdered in that house
anyone who moves in never stay for long
they said that place was hunted. 

Mikle, dear, what's the matter?
wait a minute, now, don't tell me that you believe in ghost too, do you, darling?

of course not, what do you take me for.

are you going out, sir?

yes

i will get the car.

not this time, i thought it might be a nice change takes to go out, just 3 of us

don't worry, no one is going to try anything

i get it, i must be mistaken
you one need get a little father suntime with the boy.

you're a smart bodyguard, you know that？

best of what you did daddy.

have a good time

all right, off we go.

so, detective, what did you dig up?

regrading Doctor Tenma, everything checked out exactly as you told me
he is the main suspect in the murder of Fortel couple, but the police have no idea where he is at the moment
here is the transcript of Tenma's statement

he made it back to our first questioning.
he operated on a boy in Els [memory--] hospital 10 years ago, saved his life.
kept on killing the hospital's director and 2 other doctors
the boy's name was Youhan
he was already a young man, the next time Ten men accounted him.
turns out Youhan executed paitent in his care

next up, Lina Fortel, she was the murder's foster daughter
no one see her since they were killed neither

Messger was a tough nut to crack, but i did finally track him down in Frankfurt

well, then, what did you find?

a grave with his name on it.
turns out he was stabbed at 2 month ago
his official police version is that he's on the wrong side of drug deal gun bang

back when i was a detective on the force, Messger was my partner

sorry for your loss

they caught Messger with confiscated narcotics and booted him off the force
after that, he got some help form a man called the Baby
ring any bells?
he is the spokeman for the national group of Frankfurt

how was this relevant?
