you remember hearings of those news reports about how's Turkish quarter almost burned down last winter, right?
we're down with the streets the whole thing is baby's bring child.
and the turish cracked that a asian stranger with them have saved the neighborhood.
turns out that stranger's name was Tanma
what the odds.
i'm thinking it was the doctor.
and what's more, people were saying that the baby had those fire set to commemorate the 
introduction of a new leader into their group.
some wander can they were already all exicted about it
he's gonna to change everything.

who is this guy?

i've already told you
what was the name of that boy doctor Tenma saved decade ago.

Youhan

well, that young man, who was supposed to take the ring of baby's organization in the Frankfurt.
he was Youhan, too

i should see that one is coming.

call me crazy, Reballte.

what i feel like the [----] on this chessboard, waiting for the [exit-] fall

goodness, what's get you looking so painful all of sudden?

thinking about the past.

everything was going straight to hell for me at that time.
but after that phone called, it changed as like night and day.

back then, my partner Messager and I were selling drugs
whatever we conferscated were for dealers or bastards

the voice on the other end knew everything.
he said it will be our little secret, if we did him a favor
kill some couple in Hediburg.
the Fortels, i didn't know them for murder

but, there was another guy there that night, an newspaper reporter or something.
we killed all 3 of them.
no choice
after that, somebody [---] money to the both of us.
when i left the police force, the [--] was waiting with a great offer.

they gave me a plum job, and the pay was with top-notch.
i had everything i wanted out of life, so i thought....

that's when you met you wife ,decide to go street
or so i would [---]

yeah, but i still can't figure out why they just let me walk away.
who was it?
who called me that day?
i got to know.
who transfered all that money over to us?
who the hell is manipulating my life?
who? damnit

Reballte, i want to be sure that you know.
i really appreciate your help.

oh, that's how you feel
take back that last move.

a?

sorry, my friend, now i cannot do.

outch, now you mean harsh.

well, honey, we are leaving

ok, have fun, you guys.

we'll get buy toys, right?
lots of them.

maybe, but first, say goodbye to your father, Fris.

leave him be, honey.
he's get toys in his brain.

goodbye, dady.

goodbye

Reballte, was there any calls from the detective?
he should have come by now.
Reballte?

a??

Reballte, get up here, it's the detective

oh, god, he is...

you, but you are...

yes, i'm the daughter of the Fortels, the couple you murdered.

you shot him in the cold blood

Reballte?

i was watching from the next door
you bodyguard was the one who killed him

Reballte?

that's right, i saw it all through the window

no, he couldn't have.
i know Reballte, i trust that man with my life.
you, you murdered him.
you came here for the revenge, he got in the way, right?
damn you.

Reballte? help me.

i'm taking this bag, stay here or run for it.
i don't give it damn, just don't be surprised if you're the next person to die, you bastard.