was that you shouting just now, Mr. Milter?
is everything all right?

start this car, right now, move it.

you've been watching all this time at next door, isn't right?
so, what happen to me now?

i hate you from bottom of my heart.
give me one good reason that i'm not going to shot you

but, he knew, we had to do everything he said.
if we didn't kill you floks like he asked,
he was going to tell the cops about the drugs we were selling on the side.
don't you get it?
we had to do it.
we didn't have any other choices.

didn't have any other choices?
you didn't have any other choices?

stop the car, stop the car, god damnit

my parents were wonderful people, the kindest people i have ever known
mom and dad love me, they love me all their heart, that's all

wait, please don't do this.

they did it even they know i'm not their real daughter.
they love me all the same.

i'm sorry, don't shot

my mom and dad were angels.
they were angels. and they were murdered by the bastard like you.

Babala, oh, my god.
fres

look me

well done, Fres.

we don't...

you are crying? for you family?
what about mine?

so, this is what the feels like.
[---] money kills you


Fres, he called me dady today for the first time.

don't take that from me.
please, please let me live, i finally found someone worth living for.
my Babala and Fres

i met them at the half past 8 in the morning at cafe in Dorsordorf
i quit the force and enjoy the [---]

my boss told me to act like a business man, make [---], nice cover.

every morning, this woman and her little boy will walk by.
they were like daily reminder of the regular honest life i've given up

hey, so, en, how are you doing?
i'm fine, thanks for asking.

tell me something, what did you hire that detective for?

i was hoping that he could find you and tenma, and my former parnter
i want to know where he was up to.
Messger was died, for whatever he was worth, he was stabbed to death.
when i heared about that, i asked the detective to find out more information
last night, i got a phone call from him

i've been digging around.
it's strange.

what do you mean "strange"?

think about it, Messger was a [--], right?
why would the organization go out for [---] to help some [--] ex-cop?
also the man who killed him wasn't from the Frankurt Group.
it turns out he was from the Dorsordorf.

from Dorsordorf?

yeah.

i will give you all the details when i see you in person

here it is.
ther draft report.

Messger's killer, he was, he was Rebattle
look at this, do you know what this means?

yes, hello

hi, boss, i need that bag.

Rebattle? i [---] nothing, your wife and Fres are already home

what?
what are you saying? if you hurt them...

you might be hurry and right back now if i were you
a lot of accidents will happen at home