you, wake up

leave me alone

yeah, that is not going to happen
now, get up
we can still do this at easy way.
come on, this is not a hotel

don't touch me, how dare you?
do you have any idea who i am?

all right. here is all the stuffs you came in with
if everything is in order, you can sign here

Ms. Hernman, i don't ever want to see you  [--] again
passing out, drunk, [--] 
be thankful for something horrible doesn't happen to you yet.

you get a cigarette?

a?
i'm just asking if you get a cigarette.

there is no smoking in the station, go outside if you want a smoke

lighter. where is my lighter?
a, my bag

i want to know what you did with my bag.

and i've already told you it is the only bag you had

you're a lier, i know you're not telling me the truth, i have another shoulder bag.
where is it?

probably with whoever stole from when you passed out drunking in the alley.

what are you going to do with it?
i had valueables, important things in there.

i tell you what
you are going to fill a thief report if you like.
but i really wouldn't get your hopes up.

how the hells you lose your keys?

my bag was stole at last night. just hurry up and open the room for me

a?

what? what happen there?

damn, somebody really want a tone.
oh, man, this is awful, i'm gonna change the lock now which reminds me, Mrs Hernman, you still own me back rent 
i don't want to ask after you again
the deposit you put down has already run out
i'm gonna need the rest what you own soon.

those people even borken my damn suitcase.

are you listening, you have to pay for a new lock and all that back rent

well, i don't have any money.

what?

fine, i will get out, don't worry.

such a tragic story
but still, i don't know what you expect me to do about any of it.
you know, i seem to remember you are being the one who [storm--] on me.

oh, come on, let's not [---] the history now.
so, now, how about buy me a drink?

please, Eva, it is just a stole perfume for a sake.
you must have some extra cash [---] somewhere
honestly, i have to met another woman who could bring though money the way you do.
and here you are, finally come to me for some cash
this is it, welcome to the rock bottom, babay.

so, how much?

a?

i will sleep with you, you know.
i'm asking you how much will you be willing to pay.

my god, as general rule, most man wouldn't pay to have a sex with a woman they already  have a bunch of times.

you can at least buy me a drink.

go find yourself a street corner to work
you know, if you might get lucky, you will meet some [--], not to [---].

desparate, middle-aged drunker must be someone's type