here, at least i can do is buying you a bus ticket
you know, thers is still time for you to turn youself in and prove your innocence, Tenma
i promise, i can help you

the truth is i amn't just chasing after Youhan just so i can prove my innocence

en?

thank you for all your help, Rudy.
Tenma, you don't have to become him to end this

that reminds me
i really didn't despise you back in college, Rudy
i though you're brilliant
it was a shame we never have a chance to talk
i'm glad i can finally count you as a friend
but i know you caught me cheating on that medical law exam at professor Hes Class

oh, yeah, i cheat on the medical law exam too.

be careful.

what did that sign back by that side?

oh, sorry dear, i miss it, i've been trying to figure out this map.
is it this way or that way, i'm not quite sure we're heading at the right direction.

really?
where did you find that map? lie in the street

you know me better than that.
you were right beside me when i picked it up at the car rental place.

i don't remember you pick anything up.
you must grab it when i went off to use the facilities

they put in so many place names with such small print.
at my age it's almost impossible to read.

you can do it if you've not left your glasses at the airport

there is [--] and [---], and here is [---] 

that's quite a mouthful [---] german names, all sound alike, don't they?

they are amusing
i wonder if german's thing about our towns when they read British maps

maybe, but right now, we need to know when the next cross-road is coming up.

look, there is a pedestrain
let's ask him for directions

let's not bother him, we can work it out ourselves.

oh, the poor fellow, he is hitchhiking
let's give him a ride.

if you ask me we're looking for trouble, give a ride to a complete stranger.

may be so
oh, wait a minute.
he's traveling with a small child.
i feel sorry for him.
let's pick them up, all right?

fine.

hey, Look, Tenma.
those people just stop for us 

you're right.

we couldn't talk better

sorry, we don't speak german
do you understand me?

oh, are you both from England?
we're trying to get to [Fry-Harman], we'd really appreciate your help.
could i see that map?
so, where is this place?
the place you're travelling to

oh, well, all right
we're around this area now, so it is just a bit further south from here.

oh, that's splendid, we're heading at the same direction, are we, dear?  

i suppose.

right then, it's settled, you two, hop in.

[---]

you're quite an odd couple, aren't you?

i mean i don't believe you are his father.

you are appear to be asian.
and the boy is clearly german caucasian

yes, in fact, he is my best friend's son.