and by all your appearances, i dare say you're are some sort of well educated professional man
it's the way you talk ,carry yourself

i really must interrupt, let's quiet enough dear.
it's a rude habit of yours
i must appologize for him.
so, it's not personal, he just enjoys observing people.
now that he's retired from the police forces.

what did she say?
nothing, she just said he used to be a cop

a ?

let's get out of here, Tenma

easy.
so, i have been thinking, i bet this is the first real vacation that 2 of you are taking
since your husband retired

yes, you're right

my husband was such a workaholic
i never truly believe we'd be able to take a big trip together
but here we both are.

sir, i'm sorry
we're imposing on this time you plan to spend with your wife. 

we will be happy to catch another ride if we're being a nuisance here

so far, the biggest nuisance has been getting lost because we can't read directions
not to mention the trouble we have been ordering food
it might help us immensely to have someone like you to travel with us
if early do interpret this bloody language

well, what should we do right now, dear?

there's nothing we can do, i'm afraid.
except find a gas station and bring some back.

look, there comes a trunk.
hey, stop.
hey, over here.

what's wrong, we run out of gas

that's kind of problem out here in the middle of no man's land

en, well i have got 2 rooms for 2 of you in my cab

is that ok?

somebody should take the chap up on his offer. 

don't worry about us, we will be all right.
we'll work something out.

listen, as soon as i see a gas station, i will get them to send somebody out here with a can of gas for you.

thank you, that will be most helpful, we really appreciate it.

this is great, thank goodness, is that right, Tenma?
everyting's done perfectly

yeah

how long do you think it will be before we come to a gas station?

i don't remember there being any around.

it's been a quite while now.

indeed it has, my dear.

will that nice young man let some know we're stranded out here on the motorway.
the petrol station will send someone out ,won't they?

oh ,there is another possibility
he might just have left us and forgotten about us.

i don't believe it.
he is not that kind of person.
he struck me as a very caring man 

may be not

what a beautiful sky

i'm really not in the mood to enjoy your sunset tonight
so one you see them all

oh, i'm not talking about the sunset.
the sun's alreay dispeared, but just look at the loving pastel color the sun left behind
it's like a water-color painting in the sky

i wonder if what Robert is watching now
we will be seeing together.

my godness, is that?
i think it is. dear, you'd better take a look
my eyes may be deceiving me.