someone is coming in this way.
it's getting bright and closer.
it must be him, i just knew it.

couldn't find a gas station, i borrow the gas in the land from a farmer

see, i told you.

oh, that's a delicious meal, isn't it ,dear?

thanks to your excellent translation of the german menu
we're actually able to order somthing we could enjoy tonight.
right?

en,a...

especially that one

oh, it's ...
it's from the palatinate region

that liver dish is just scrumptious

the liver can-noodle?

that always print the [---].
it melt in my mouth.
if you hasn't been with us, we dispose all these wonderful places without a clue what we're missing 

i want to thank you for treating us to dinner

you are almost finished, would you like some more to take with you?

thanks, but if he has anymore help [burst].

do you think this bloke looks like a criminal?

a ?

this chapter.
he is on trial for murdering his wife and there is a big picture in the paper,
see for yourself.
what's your opinion?
do you think he did it?

well, who can tell really.

before i retired from the force,
i was a detective with quite long list of criminals that i put behind bar

oh
 
come on, dear, we're enjoying the evening.
it's really not appropriate to brag about all your past exploits

well, i would look the person's face and know if he's done the crime
i possessed an uncanny knack for spotting the guilt that a person tries to hide

i see it.

let's talk about something else now, dear.
i think you've a little too much wine.

however, after years on the job, i couldn't tell any more.

was one person good at the another bad？
was he guilty or innocent?
i couldn't spot the differences that once it seemed so clear 
it probably means that i wasn't a hot-shot detective after all.

enough said, maybe i did have a little too much to drink
tell me once more, what was the name of that wine?

it was [---]

en, excellent bouquet

how cute they each have a friend!
when this trip is over, Diter, you move to your place
i hope you make lots of friends

oh, sure, that would be great

everyone should have a happy childhood
they should enjoy every minute, because it goes by so fast

yes.

opps, sorry.
it should be somewhere right around here

what are you looking for?

here is the address, dear.

en, almost there.
sorry, but we have to make a stop before continuing

tha's fine

here we are

the police?