we won't be very long
if you don't mind, you might as well wait in the car

what should we do, Tenma?
Tenma, let's run away

en...

what's wrong?

someone is parking in one of the office only spaces again.

he looks foreign, guess i should report them

don't worry about them

what are we going to do?

a ...

Mr Jones, we want to get to Fry Harmon, i don't know if you're  aware of it.
but you're heading in the opposite direction

en, that's right, it's just a brief detour
i want to stop at Steinbach castle for a bit.

but, dear

Steinbach castle

someting i want to see for myself

how are you doing, are you all right?

oh, thank you.

my son wrote us a letter about the Steinbach.

a?

he said the view from castle is truly breathtaking.
he want to bring us here, so we could both see it.

oh, does your son live in Germany now.

we are on our way to see him
it is just we have few detours to make along the way.
oh,oh...

wow

this is the view he saw on that fateful for day.
my son, my son, my own fresh and blood killed a man
we came to this country to visit him, because he will never leave

well, we will be ok from here
thank you so much for everything

thank you for your kindnees and the pleasure of your company

cheer out of it, look after yourself

such a nice young man 

yes, isn't he?
it's hard to believe he is the wanted prime suspect to the serials of murders 

it can't be, you must be mistaken.

no, i'm not.
it's him
he is on the wanted suspects list.

impossible

i'm afraid so, when we were at the station to speak to the detective who arrested Robert  
Tenma's photo was prominetly posted on the wall

unbelievable, there is so much good in him

i know, i thought so too
and yet everyone seems convinced that he's guilty 
but my instincts keep telling me he is an innocent man, a good in him outweighs his bad
i'm sure of it

it's unbelievable to think that Robert committed a murder
but he did
and the fact that i couldn't sense what's going on with my own son
made me realize it was time for me to trun in my badge
you know something, dear. i just want be able to trust my instincts again
Robert may have committed a crime true, but i know he is a good boy at heart
come on, let's go in and see our son
my dear, Robert