oh, Corina, why are your letters ever ever so short?
as with Eupolis, the scholar of the stars, and his, en, en astrology
you drive my heart mad.
and such the gold of idea, its color's faded. well, the work of the arts...

well, enough all right.

a?

well, what do you waiting for?
put the book on the shelf and go

if i did something to..

to offend me? you are offending me right now

i'm not sure what i did to upset you, sir
but i'm sorry nonetheless

if you can't wrap your tongue or your brain around Latin
you are of no use to me as a reader, understood?

i'm sorry, sir. i will be more careful.

i told you to get out

he really tore into you back at the mansion, didn't he ?

don't move, Carl.
business major should have thicker skin than that.

a?
i'm sorry, but do i know you?

i'm [---] Frank. A clutural anthropology major.

i'm guessing you're working for him too
are you another one of his part-time student readers?

no, i'm one of his house keepers, whatever he needs doing.
he only lets boys do the reading.
as i'm sure you've already known
anyway, he's got different reader each day of the week.

you, Tuesday, of course.

hey, so what do you think of our boss, anyway.
the ever mysterious Hans Georg Shuval, reclusive tycoon

no, bites me. i was looking for the work and the money is good, honestly, that's all i need to know

wait, are you saying you've never heard rumors about him?
he works at a stock market, like a marionette.
one phone call from him leaves banks accross Germany quaking in their boots
they call him the Howard Hughes of Bavaria

he has no family, no close friends, it's just him and money
his fortune keeps growing and growing every year
what on earth does he spend it on anyway?

who knows.

i didn't even get the weird part yet.
Shuval's other nick name is the Vampire of the Bavaria 

how come?

just as the clock strikes 2am
Shuval's manservant loads him into a car
like a hearse, and whisked him off into the night
i've seen it of myself
it's like something out of a horror movie

maybe he is getting some air.

i will find out soon enough what old Shuval's up to?

what do you mean you are going to find out?

it's for my research paper, silly.
mental activities of medieval and present financial figures of Bavaria
i look out Shuval is a golden mine.

so you look me because he yelled at me, is that it?

just your name and your major
i am not a snoop
anyway, i wouldn't lose any sleep over him chewing you out 
he yells all the guys who read to him.

yeah, well, i guess it is a good thing, i am used to getting yelled at.

what do you mean?

a, it is just, i spend a lot of time in foster homes
some of them were not so nice

oh, so that's why there is no record of you in any local high schools

you looked more than my major and name