that's got to be rough
growing up without your real parent is just like that.

the truth is i came to Munich for school because i thought maybe i could find my mother

she is here, in Munich?
that's great, have you seen her yet?

no, it wasn't meant to be.

a? what do you mean?
you can't just throw it in the towel
hey, you don't happen to know your mom's name?

ha,ha

well, go ahead.

it wasn't meant to be ok

come on, tell me
if you don't, we both know i'm going to look out anyway.

Magel, her name is Magel Langer

silly, you have her full name, and you're ready to give up like that
find her, what do you waiting for?

no, it's too late for reunions.

here we go, Magel Langer, what do we get?

oh, no

like a chestnut [---],at full stride, passion, eletric, sparking great waves

i can't bear this
only beautiful things are deserving of my love.
your reading pains me.

why didn't you explain, Carl?
if only i'd known
now, i undertand why you give up looking
i'm so sorry for your loss.

i've already said that it doesn't matter, didn't i?

well, listen
Carl, if there is anything i can do, just ask me

that's sweet of you, but i'm fine

Carl, i....

hey, Lotie, you said you want to figure out where Shuval goes at inght,
you are going to follow him, right?

a?

would you mind if i came along for the ride?

no, not at all
[---] has been sneaking to the darkness by myself.

i'm telling you, it is true.
a super natural phenomenon research group has finally hit paper 

there is no way.

in any case, listen up, Bishop Gropius, one of founders of our school wrote this poem in the year of 1502 
that much we've already known for sure
now, consider the following verse:
on the second to the last big year, the boy of thursday would arrive upon the land,
and [--] go up in flames, the entire world will be shrouded in sorrow
crazy, a?

so, it's spooky, what's your point again?

a? do you get it, guys?
look, it says right here, the second to the last big year
what year of it?
1996, so that means this is the year

how do you figure?

listen, the big year means leap year, and the only leap-year left in this century are this year and year 2000

haha

he would arrive upon the land, and [---] go up in flames

the part of our book this land means this university would go up in flames

ok, then, who is this boy of thursday?

thursday? well, let's see, Donor star comes in the words [----]
yeah, Donor means Thunder.
the god of Thunder

you wash your damn mind.

hey, this is gonna to be the front page story of our next newsletter
it's no laughing matter

[--] article will make you happy, but come on. nobody is going to buy this.

a god of this destruction, coming to our university?