some Vampire of Bavaria he is, we have get all these troubles to figure out
what the big mysterious was, and this is what we find out.

quiet, there he goes

a, wasn't i stupid? i'm out of here

ok, be careful.

a?
Carl

i want to see what he was up to

what do you think he was up to?

hey, maybe this is not such a good idea

you are probably right, this is no place for a girl.
you should go home.
only beautiful things are deserving of my love, and..

yeah

i need to know, i need to know how mesirable of a man he really is

yeah, it's open
if you're looking for some fun, you came to knock on the wrong door
i got out of the business a long time ago, kid.

who are you?

nice manners, kid.
you want my name, shouldn't we start with yours?

Magle Langer, pleasures on mine.

oh

i bet you students from university, aren't you?

right, and both of us have part-time jobs working for Hanger Shuval.

congratulations, what do you want?

tell me why, why does he come to see you in the middle of the night like he does?

it's simple, kid. i'm making him feel better
but not in the way you are thinking.
just because he is up to this hour, doesn't mean he is up to this hour if you catch up my draft.
he brings me some money, scads of it.

a?

and why shouldn't he?
when i finally went to the Shuval and told him who i was.
he broke down crying and applogized on the spot.
i had his son and he throw me out of the street like i was a piece of trash.

wait, so you are 
Carl, is she saying you are Hanger Shuval's son?
how would you know?

you're a lier.
how dare you, how dare you pretend to be Magle Langer?

yeah, the real one was all over the paper a year ago
former prostitute Margot Langer murdered.
police say killer is still at large.
the woman you call yourself is already dead.

how could any human beings stupid so low?  
you are using my dead mother's name to get Shuval that his money and he is falling for it 

haaaaa
Shuval knows the score
well, he knows i'm not the real thing, but he still gives me money and hand over faced
all the money in the world can't buy him forgiveness from the real Margot Langer that ship has been sailed
guess pain extends the next thing
Money, Money, Money. 
that's all the bastard has been living for.
and the only way he knows how to say sorry

don't look so teary, kid, you know, [---] yourself
you and i both know Shuval is on his way out.
take a good look at him
if you are gonna play a long lost son card
you'd better do it while he would change his will.

what are you implying?

you are giving me grief for being an impostor
but you didn't exactly waltz in here with a positive paternity test 
just watch out for the competition, boy
you are not the only one who says he is the Shuval's son

a?

yeah, he came to see me a little while back 
tell me the same substory you did

no way, it can't be.

hahhah

Carl, he's stealing you the truth, the other guy is a liar.

excuse me, if i don't take your words for it
for the record, i think you're both of it.

so, there is a other guy, who is he?

another student.
a bunch you take turns reading books to Shuval, a different boy of everyday of the week
is that right?

you get that in common, Carl.