you've got that in common , Carl
yes, sir
i think he is the Thursday boy.

you could have insisted a little hard that you are his real son.

what's the point?
i was passed along from forster home to forster home for most of my life.
usually sending me from bad to worse.
but i finally ended up with a couple who loved me as there i was their very own
there everything i could have wanted it
but they being so wonderful made me want to meet my biological father, even more.
i thought that if i could see what a sad little man he was with my own eyes.
i could finally return my forster parent's love
that's all i was trying to do.

hey, Lotel, tell me something, have you ever seen this thursday boy?

that's one day the week i've always been off from work. 
but this one thursday i went to grab something i've forgotten

and he was there reading, right?
tell me what he looked like?

let me think, i would say he had blonde har,and very beautiful face.

Shuval's Thursday boy. who is he?
someone in this university is pretending to be me

Carl, are you listening to me?
this is important, take this money and ride the train on track No.5
get off the 8th station, a lady named [---] will be waiting.

what about you, Mom?

Honey, i've already told you i can't go with you.

but how come, are you in trouble?
i don't want to go alone, Mom

you have no choice. if you stay with me, Carl, you will be sent to some orphanage
around here, the people will mock you as the son of a whore

now go on.

what about my dad?
can my dad make it better somehow, his name is Hanger Shuval, isn't it?

who told you that?

old Mrs Becks across the street.
my dad is rich, isn't he?
she said he abandoned us.
how come he could do something like that?

he didn't abandon us, Carl.

then i will just go where he is and you can find him there.

no, you can't

so when can i see him?

o ,Carl, when you old grow up, you can meet your father if you want
don't hate him, if he turns you away, please

why shouldn't i?

because Mom doesn't hate him, even now.

keep it with you always.
it was a gift from your father on the day when you were born

Carl, i know who he is
Carl, i know who the thursday boy is

what?

his name is Amen Foran, he is a philosophy major 
i'm sure he is the guy we are looking for.
he reads books to Shuval at the mansion every thursday

Amen Foran, ha?

get ready, he should be coming out at that lecture horn any second.

hey, you wouldn't happen to know Amen Foran, would you?

hi, guys, is Amen here?

who, Amen Foran?

i think he was no show today

here we go

oh

ok, so he dodged the bullet today
but seriously, it's only a matter of time before we give that fraud what's coming to him
no impostors are going to cheat, you are the Shuval's heritance