it's not about the money
i couldn't care less if i see any part of his fortune

but Carl

no, if they want to rob Shuval blind, they can go right ahead
who cares

but why?

because, because i can't stand the thought of this bastard Frotan pretending to be my mother's son.
there is no forgive something like that.

with the petals of your silk flowers swaying in the brezze.
the cry of the Mockingbird rang through my heart.

you have not told me to stop reading yet.
why is that, sir?

en?
i berate you all the time, why do you insist on coming back?
is the money that good?

that is not why?

with all do respect, sir. it is nothing like that
is money the only incentive to do something in your world?

in my world, or any other.
what are they alike? your parents?

actually, i was raised by a series of foster families

i see, forgive me for pry.
would you meet your real parents if you could.

well, sir, i actually...i'm

yes, this young man who reads to me just maybe the one i was waiting for 
it doesn't seem to be after my money.

who is he?

never mind, i'm talking to myself.
it's time we call it a day, Linmen
oh, one more thing, regarding your Latin, boy, it is much improved.

well, thank you very much, sir.

looks like Amen Fotran is palying hookie today too.
bet he is laid up in bed with a bad cold or something like that

tomorrow is thursday, he will be there.
he will be at the mansion and so would i

oh, i get it.
you are gonna bust him as the fake he is, right in the front of Shuval, right?
that's awesome
let's go and get him already.

still no sign of him, he was supposed to be here a hour ago.

if he were sick and stuck in bed, at least then we would know where to find him.

hey, wanna barge into his room, confront him there?

hold on, don't tell me you look up Forten's address

en, hey

202 and 204, jackpot

here we go.
knock...

a?

it's been so grim around here, the whole school's talking about what happen to Amen Forten
who could thought he would kill himself.
the school paper actually printed the suicide note, didn't they?
"i can no long continue to deceive"
so that's what it is all about

i guess so
spending all that time with Shuval, acting like his son
maybe the guilty just blind inside him

if he knew he would grow conscience he'd better off not trying in the first place.

Lorta, yesterday must be in tough.

yeah, don't you know it
since we are the ones who discover the body, the police hold us for questioning all day.

i didn't end up reading today after all.
Mr. Shuval is taking the news very hard.

oh, hey, i have been ruded.

this is Carl, he is the firday reader

a pleasure to meet you 

same here.

i'm Carl Lotman from Economic Department

i'm Youhan Libert, i'm studying in the school of law.