hey, wait up. 
what the hell are we doing here anyway, come on, let's get out of here
i give up, there is no use for this guy.
i guess we're going to be [----] and broken forever
if only i have stolen that rug, damnit
what the hell is that supposed to be?

it's a message.

"help me, the monster inside me is about to explode"

what is this supposed to mean? 
he has a split personality?

let see if that i get this straight.
so you tell us when you arrived at the warehouse, 
you witnessed the Asian man and arsonists engaging in a verbal argument
according to your statement on earth, as soon as the asian man saw you there, he quickly fled

so Mrs Libert, does that exactly how you saw it? 

yes, sir.

well, it is good that fire-bug ended up turning himself in.
he confessed that he is a right wing extremist, said he was celebrating his people when he lit the fire
anyway, Mrs Libert, your records clean, so that's all we need from you today.
we do appreciate your cooperation

so then you say i can go home now, detective?

yes, Mam

oh, hold on, there is one thing i forget to ask about.
the town photographed the asian man you mentioned is doctor Tenma.
Ms Libert, you wouldn't happen to know anything else about this guy, would you?

no, i don't know anything about him.

tell me, what do you thinking?

i'd say, from the way Miss Libert was dressed, she might just be a high-class [---] girl. 

that isn't what i meant

i'm talking about doctor Tenma
when we first spoke to the Turks from that district, 
all of them referred that the asian guy is doctor Tenma
but as soon as we told them that doctor was under an investigation, a suspect to be a serial killer
they got real tight lipped, all of the sudden, none of them know who he was.

a 

they told me i'm responsible for you now.

Mr. willson

oh, Ana, it's so great to see you, i was worried about you
when you left town, it was so sudden

aaaaa

oh, that's more like it.
there, now you look more like the Ana i've always known
i like you better in casual-way clothes
come on, sit down and eat, i order what you like, enjoy 

Mr willson, are you going to eat?

no thanks, dear, i've already eaten, i'll just have some coffee

go on, dig in 

thank you, i'm pretty hungry

what's so funny?

you haven't changed, you still take 5 sugars in your coffee

well, that's what tastes best, i see coffee isn't any good at all if it isn't sweet
it's good to see you can smile

it's good to see you can smile, i know you are in the middle of a big job interview
and up to now, you are look quite serious
but you smile when you saw me put all that sugar in my coffee
your name is Ana...

right, my name is Ana Libert...so...

well Miss Libert, the job is yours.

you start today, have a young lady like you, waiting tables at my cafe
might give my business quite boost, except..

except what...

do me a favor, show off that smile a little more, all right
when you smile, it will make everyone feel good

thank you so much for the job, i will work very hard really.