what's that? what a pleasant send that is?
it smells just like a daphne blossoms

thanks

all right, that is enough for that.

so, then...

time for more running

oh, yes, sir, right away then.

when you're done runing, come to the bottom of the hill on the back

waht's down there?

the firing range.

the firing range?

remember, 2 shots, you have to make sure that whenever you fire a gun, you always pull 
the trigger twice. 
if you can do that instinctively, the better of you chance of taking out your object
if you can't do that, then you're as good as dead, it's all over.

what's this about?

you're always preparing meals for me, so i thought i would cook for you today
it's the japanese stew, means potatoes, it's called [----],
go on , dig in ,i think you'll both enjoy it.
those are chop sticks, they're cut out of wood. i made them,
i thought it would make our dinning experience more authentic

oh, you're really good at using chop sticks, aren't you?

again ,fast

aim
do it again
aim

what's wrong?

it's a baby brambling. i guess it falls out its nest.

no, wait. you have to put it back, that chick's going to die.

it's very difficult to raise them like that.
they rarely survive for that long outside their nest

let's put it back, back with its mother, ok?

three seconds, that's all the time you get. find your target, pull the trigger.
because one mistake, the slightest bit of hesitation, and you're dead.

tell me, how well did he perform over those 5 months he was there training with you?

technically speaking, he was a perferct student.
he build up a necessary stamina, and his concentration with firing is extraordinary
however,

however?

being able to shot a person is another story.

really?

whether or not, he is successful on his first kill. that would all come down to you.

neither he's got what it takes, or he doesn't. 

yes, i see.
i'm wondering which road this man would choose
well ,it matters not.

tell me, do you have any idea where he might be gone.
because if you do know where,
i would really like for you to tell me.

thanks for all you've done for me over the past 5 months
here's the remaining wish i own, and please help yourself to the [---].
Again, thanks you for everything.

Damn it, damn it all 

she's laughing.

so how about it?
you do know where the man is heading, don't you?

that i can't tell you

that's fine, you can go now.

this way, sir.